a person is walking on a treadmill.
a person swings a golf club
a person runs backwards in a counterclockwise motion
a person walks forward and then stops.
a person waves with their right hand
a person walks forward and then stops.
a person bends down and picks up something.
a person walks forward, turns around, and then walks back.
a person walks forward and then stops
a person lifts an object from the right side and places it on the left side.
a person walks backwards.
a person walks forward slowly
the man walks forward and picks up an object and then walks back and wipes something down.
a person runs forward, then quickly turns to the right.
a person walks forward and then stops.
a person walks forward and then turns around and walks backwards.
a person walks forward then backs up.
a person hops in place twice.
a person walks forward while holding on to something with their right hand.
a person is walking forward.
a person walks forward in a curved line and stops.
a person is kicking their leg around.
a person is walking up a stair.
the person is putting both hands above his head.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person walks in a circle clockwise.
a person walks to the left
a person walks in a semi-circle
a person walks forward and uses his right hand to hold on to something to help him balance.
a person bends down and touches the ground with his left hand and then both hands.
a person kicks forward with his left leg.
a person walks forward, walks backwards, then walks forwards and turns around.
a person crosses their arms and then puts them down again.
a person is lifting something heavy over their head
a person doing jumping jacks.
a person is wiping something.
a person stands with both arms at their side, then raises their left hand and waves continuously.
a person waves with their left hand.
a person is throwing something with their right arm.
the man walks to the right then the left.
a person lifts both arms and stretches them outward and upward.
the person is drinking something.
a person is standing, kicks with their right foot, then steps forward.
a person raises their left arm above their head, while simultaneously bending their right arm at the elbow to bring it up to their face, and then lowers both arms, before repeating the motion again.
a person steps forward, grabs something with their left hand, then walks backward and sets the object down.
a person walks forward and turns around and walks back.
a person walks forward and then to their right.
a person picks something up and then rubs it on something
a person walks in a circle.
a man is sitting on a swivel chair, holding something with his right hand, and raises his left hand to his head.
a person walks in a clockwise circle, swinging their arms.
the person is spinning around.
a person is doing a dance
a person standing with their arms out from their sides drops their arms and squats down.
a person stands up from sitting down.
a person is standing still then kicks their left leg backward and brings it back.
a person walks forward and then stops.
a person sits down in a chair
a person steps backwards with their left foot, followed by their right foot, then turns around and walks backwards with both feet.
a person jumps in place
the person is doing a dance.
a person jumps up and then runs forward, then jumps again and walks backwards.
a person throws something with their right hand
a person throws something with their right hand.
a person is holding something with both hands and then raises their right hand to their face.
a person stands with their legs apart and arms outstretched.
a person stands with their hands on their hips and then sways from left to right.
a person waves with their left hand.
a person bends over at the waist and back up.
a person steps back and sits down.
a person standing up and raising both of their hands to the side, and then they start to make random jabbing spots with their right hand.
a person is dancing with another
a person skips forward, then turns around and kicks the air.
a person stands still and waves with their left hand.
a person picks something up, turns around and uses it to pick something up.
a person runs in a diagonal line.
the person is standing still and then kicks their right foot out.
a person is pretending to be an elephant.
a person is lying down and getting up.
a person raises their left arm
a person walks forward, turns around and walks back.
a person walks forward in a curve to the right.
a person picks something up from their left side and moves it to their right.
a person walks in a half circle, then turns around and walks back in a straight line.
a person steps forward and then turns around to face the opposite direction, then turns again to face back to where they came.
a person kneeling down.
a person walks forward, turns around, and then runs forward.
a person turns to the right and walks backwards, then turns to their right again and walps forward, then makes a clockwise circle
a person walks forward while using their right hand to hold on to something
a person does a dance move with their right arm extended
a person drops to their hands and knees and crawls forward, then turns around and crawl forward again.
the person is standing with his arms straight out.
the person is moving very slowly.
a person walks in a circle, with both hands up in a defensive stance.
a person walks forward, then turns around and walks back, then takes a step back, bends over, then stands back up.
a person is walking forward and then side stepping to the right.
the person walks forward in a straight line.
a person is crouching down.
a person is walking forward.
a person is walking forward.
a person walks backwards, crouches down, then walks forward while swinging their arms.
a person runs in place
a person is standing and moving both hands around, then moves the right hand to the left.
a person is walking in a straight line.
the person is a squat position.
a person walks forward then takes a big step over something.
a person walks in a circle.
a person stands with their legs wide apart and raises both their arms above their head, then drops them down and moves them from side to side.
the man is running in a circle.
a person picks something up with their right hand and sets it down with their left.
the man is doing warm up exercises
a person stands still, swings his right arm and then walks to the left.
a person is wiping something
a person walks in a diagonal line, starting with his left foot.
a person jogs in place.
a person lifts their right arm and waves.
a person walks forward, bends down, picks something up, and then walks in a circle.
a person walks forward in a straight line.
the person is walking backwards and sitting down.
a person walks backwards in a straight line.
a person picks up something and looks at it.
a person picks something up from the ground.
a person is sitting down with arms on the arm rests.
a person stands and raises their right hand to their face.
the person is crouching down.
a person jogs in place.
a person drops their arms from shoulder height, claps both hands together, walks forward, and sits down on a stool.
a person stands still, while they throw a ball with their left hand, and then catch the ball with both hands.
a person raises their left hand to their face.
a person jumps in a full circle.
the person is walking around a bend.
a person picks up something with both hands and turns to their right. they then walk to their left and lean over to use what they picked up.
a person is kneeling down then stands up and walks to their left then turns around and walsk back then punches something with their left hand.
a person raises their arms from their sides and then moves their right hand in a random jittery spots
a person grabbed something with both hands and put it down
the person is leaning forward on a stool.
the person is moving around.
a person picks up an object with his right hand, and then he moves backwards to the left.
the person is doing a left handed straight punch.
the person is looking at his wrist.
a person waves their hands, bends at the waist, walks backwards and waves again.
a person punches upwards with their right arm.
a person is acting like a human dragon.
a person hops on his left foot then his right foot.
a person runs forward, bends down, and then runs forward again.
a person is holding a ball, then throws it.
a person is making a motion like they are a dog.
a person turns to their right while holding an object with both hands, then turns to the left while still holding the object.
a person walks forward in a jogging pace.
a person raises their right hand to their head.
a person spins in a circle.
a person lifts their arms out to the sides, then jumps up and down.
a person is lifting weights with both arms.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides slowly bends over to his left and then returns to a standing position.
a person walks forward then turns around.
a person turns to the left, then turns to face forward again.
a person walks forward quickly.
the person gets down on their knees.
a person is walking up a stepstool.
a person is pushed from the right but quickly recovers.
a person is walking forward.
a person stands still and uses their right hand to pick something up, and then uses their left hand to pour it.
a person is walking in a counterclockwise circle.
a person waves their hands around their head.
a man holds his hands together, and lifts his right leg with his right hand, then lifts both hands up in the air.
a person stands and then claps with their hands.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person walks in a circle clockwise.
a person runs forward and stops.
a person is standing with his arms at his sides, then he puts his left hand on his left arm, then his left side.
the person is doing elbow warm-ups.
a person reaches up and moves their right arm in a circle
a person is picking something up
the person is walking forward with his right hand on his face.
a person runs in place.
a person kicks something with his right foot.
a person walks forward, turns to the left, and walks back.
a person walks backwards slowly.
a person is sitting on a chair with arms on the armrest.
a person is standing still, then they are moving their arms, then their right leg is moving, then both arms are moving, and then both legs are moving.
a person is bouncing his left hand, then bounces his right hand, and then throws an object with his right arm.
a person walks in a circle clockwise.
a person swings their arms forward, then jumps forward.
a person is on all fours, and then stands up.
a person lifts something on his left side with both hands, then moves it to the right side.
a person lifts something from the right side with both hands and places it on the left side.
a person squats down.
a person does jumping jacks.
a person sways from side to side while holding their hands to their face.
a person swings both of their hands up and down
a person steps down from something with their right foot first.
a person is standing, and then makes a jerky random spots with both hands.
a person stretches both arms out to the side, lowers them to their sides, and then raises them again.
a person raises their right hand above their left and throws something.
a person throws an object with their right hand
the person is cleaning windows.
a person raises their right hand to their head.
the man walks forward in a slow zigzag
a person walks forward and then turns around and walks back.
a person walks backwards, then forward and stops.
a person holds their arms out to the sides and then moves them up and down
a person walks forward then turns around and walks backwards.
a person is holding something in their hands and then they put it to their face.
a person walks forward, then turns around and walks back.
a person does a belly dance.
a person turns to the right, walks forward, then bends over and picks up an object.
a person is stretching their back.
a person walks forward and to the left
a person is pushed to the side.
a person stands with their legs bent and knees up, both arms resting on their thighs, then they raise their left arm, moving it from the left to the right in a smooth motion.
a person walks in a circle counterclockwise.
the person is standing up with their arms above their head
a person with right hand up.
a person uses both hands to wipe something down.
the person is doing motions like a human dragon.
a person picks up a sponge and starts washing a car.
the person side skips to the left, then side skipping to the right.
a person is walking around acting like a monkey.
a person is lifting something with both hands and then throwing it backwards.
a person is pushed backward.
a person raises their right hand and waves continuously.
the man stands on his left foot and kicks his right leg around.
a person is standing and gesturing with their hands, then they bring their hands up to their face, then back down again.
a person stands still, then lifts their right hand to their face, then lowers it back down.
a person raises both of their hands above their head and then lowers them to the right.
the person is doing a dance move.
a person stands in one spot and waves their hand.
a person reaches out with their right hand and picks up something, then turns around and uses that item on something.
the man throws something with his right hand.
a person throws something with their left hand and then catches something with both hands.
a person steps to the right, then to the left, then back to the middle.
a person walks forward and lifts something heavy.
the man is walking forward.
a person sits down.
a person is crouched down and moves around.
a person raises their right hand up and down.
a person is walking forward then turns around and continues to walk.
a person standing and then moving their hand to their face.
a person walks forward and kicks something with his right foot.
a person stands and makes dough with his hands
a person walks forward and stops.
a person walks forward, then moves both hands in unison.
a person strums a guitar.
a person walks forward and then turns around and walks back.
a person raises their arms above their head, bends forward, and raises both hands up to the right.
a person walks forward, turns around, and walks back.
a person drops their arms from being straight out to the side, claps their hands, then walks forward, then turns to their left side and sits down.
a person is sitting down and raises both of their arms up in front of them.
a person walks to the right and then turns around and walks back.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person jumps in the air and then spins in a circle.
a person jumps in the air and turns around.
a person walks forward and then throws something with their right hand.
a person walks forward, turns around, and walks back.
a person is standing still then sways to the left.
a person standing with feet shoulder width apart and arms straight out to their sides. the person then crosses their arms in front of their chest.
a person walks and bends to the right
a person throws something with their right hand.
a person walks side to side.
a person lifts a bottle to their mouth with their right hand, takes a drink, and then lowers their hand.
the person is running forward very fast.
a person turns to the right, then lifts their right hand to their head, then turns around and walks back.
a person sidesteps to the right and then to the left.
a person is throwing something.
a person jumps in place
a person walks forward up stairs.
a person kicks their right leg forward and then kicks it back, then punches with their right arm, then kicking their leg back again.
a person is waving their arms around
a person walks sideways to their right and then sideways left.
a person raises their hands in the air and then lowers them.
a person moves their body around while holding their hands together
a person stands and sways before turning to the right.
a person walks forward, bends down, picks something up, then turns around and walks away.
a person waves their arms up and down.
a person jumps sideways to the right.
a person leans forward with their hands on their head, then swings them down and extends their right leg out and back.
a person lifts their right leg and balances on their left leg, then they raise both arms out to their sides and then they return to standing.
a person is doing jumping jacks.
a person turns to their right, then turns their body to the left.
the person is doing a handstand.
a person walks in a circle.
a person slowly walks forward.
the person is standing with his feet shoulder width apart and his hands up in a fighting stance, then he kicks with his left foot.
a person walks in a clockwise circle
a person jumps, then walks forward.
the person sits down and crosses their legs.
a person reaches down and picks something up with their right hand and then raises it to their face.
a person picks up something and moves it to the side
a person takes a short hop forward.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person is side stepping to their right then left
a person stands with their feet apart and hands at their side, then they bring their arms up and out, making a "t" shape with their body.
a person bends their knees and sits on their knee.
a person walks forward, turns around, and walks back.
a person raises both arms above their head
a person walks forward and stops.
a person walks backwards in a straight line
a person is pretending to be a cat.
a person bounces on his toes, then hops backwards.
a person jumps up and down, then does a side step to their left
a person throws an object with his left hand.
a person walks forward, spins around on his left foot, and walks back.
a person walks forward, knocks on something, then turns around and walks back.
a person is punching with his left hand
a person lifts both hands to his face, then lowers them and turns them slightly to the right.
a person walks backwards to the right.
the person is doing jumping jacks.
a person is standing and waves with their right hand.
a person picks up something with their right hand and then raises it to their head.
a person jumps forward and stops.
a person sits on the floor with legs crossed and knees bent.
a person slowly walks forward in a rightward curve.
a person holds their right arm with their left hand and then twists their body to the right and left.
the person is doing a breakdance.
a person steps to the side and bends over while bringing their hands together, then they reach their left arm out and move it in a circular motion.
a person walks slowly with arms out.
a person crosses their arms and scratches their left arm.
a person is moving their right hand in a circular motion.
a person raises their left arm and waves
the person lifts their right arm up and then puts it back down.
a person standing with his right foot forward and his left foot back, with his hands in front of his face.
a person walks forward, then turns around on their right foot and walks back.
a person walks forward at a leisurely pace.
a person is crouched down, runs forward, turns around and runs back.
a person walks forward, turns around, and then walks back.
a person is doing jumping jacks.
a person throws a punch with their right hand.
a person walks forward at a steady pace.
a person crosses their arms.
a person picks something up from a horizontal position to their left, tilts it vertically and then places it back down horizontally to their right.
a person shifts from right to left foot while raising hands.
the person is doing the butterfly stroke.
a person walks forward at a slow pace.
a person is jogging in place.
a person throws something with their left hand.
the man waves his right hand above his head, and then waves his left hand.
a person is standing still and then raises their hands to block their face.
a person is dancing.
a person lowers both arms from being straight out to both sides.
a person walks forward and turns around on his right foot
a person walks forward in a crouched position.
a person throwing an object with their left hand
a person walks forward, spins around on his left foot, and walks back.
the man stands with his arms out to his side, then he sits down.
the person is holding their hands up like a zombie.
a person is standing still with their left hand at their chest.
a person walks forward and puts his hand on something.
a person is doing a warm up.
a person walks slowly forward and stops.
a person steps forward, stops and turns around and walks back.
a person walks forward, sits down and rests their hands on their thighs.
a person is standing and crying into their hands.
a person marches forward with his right hand slightly raised
a person holds up both hands above their head and jumps.
the person is walking and turn around.
a person sits down and then gets back up
the person is doing a karate kick.
a person is swinging his right arm.
a person walks forward and turns to the right, then turns left hand to shake hands, then walks back and turns left again.
a person picks something up with his right hand and turns to the right.
a person walks backwards, crouches down, then walks forward.
a person waves their left arm in a circle, then waves their right arm in the same circle, before waving both arms in the air.
a person walks down the stairs.
a person is standing with knees bent and feet shoulder width apart, and then lowers their arms.
the person walks forward and then stops.
a person walks forward and to the right.
the person is waving his right hand.
a person standing in one spot and then clapping their hands.
a person standing on the ground and waving hand
a person walks forward and to the right.
the person is marching in place.
a person walks forward and then stops.
a person walks up to a chair and sits.
a person walks forward and kicks with their right foot.
a person crosses their arms and then lowers them to their sides.
a person grabs something with both hands and raises it above their head.
a person walks forward fast.
a man is squatting down.
a person walks forward, and then stops.
a person runs forward and stops.
a person walks forward with a large swing of their right leg.
a person walks forward and then turns to their right.
a person walks forward, turns around, then walks back and does a cartwheel.
a person kicks something with their left foot.
a person walks forward, then bends down and picks up an object from the ground, then they stand back up and continue to walk forward.
a person dances with arms raised.
the person is kicking with his left leg.
the man waves with his right hand.
a person folds their arms across their chest.
the person is getting in a squat position
a person lifts their right hand and waves with it.
a person is bending their right arm at the elbow, with their forearm upward.
a person is gesturing with their hands.
a person does a front kick with their left leg.
a person raises their left hand to their chest and holds it there.
a person is standing and is moving both arms in a circular motion, then moves them in a back-and-forth motion, and then is making a figure eight with both arms.
a person performs a handstand, then stands up straight.
the person is jogging around in a circle.
a person steps backwards, then kneels down on both knees.
the person was doing a dance.
a person runs and ducks under something.
a person walks forward, then turns around, and runs forward.
a person runs and jumps, spinning around in a circle.
a person lifts a dumbbell with his left hand.
a person jumps forward one step.
a person lifts a dumbbell with their left hand above their head.
a person raises their right arm and moves it in front of them.
a person walks in a circle.
a person is standing, then they throw a punch with their left hand, then take a step back, then walk backwards, and then take two steps forward and throw another punch.
a person jumps up and down with their hands by their side.
a person walks forward at a normal pace.
a person walks forward and kicks with his right foot, then walks back and kicked with his left foot.
a person is flexing his arms up and down.
a person walks forward, while swinging their arms and swinging his hips.
a person lifts their right leg up, and then raises their right arm up, then drops it down.
a person walks forward then takes a big step over something.
a person walks forward and to the left and then starts to run.
a person walks forward and then to the left.
a person lifts their left arm up, then lowers it
a person is standing still, then moves their left foot slightly and bounces slightly on their toes.
a person hops on his right foot, swings his left foot and then steps back and stops.
a person walks forward, then back, then forward.
a person lifts their left hand to their head, then lifts it again.
a person is waving with his right hand.
the person is standing with his hands on his knees.
a person is waving with their right hand.
a person is holding something with both hands and then raises his right hand to touch something and then returns to holding both hands again.
a person walks forward slowly while swaying their hips.
a person is doing arm exercises.
a person walks in a circle.
a person walks up an elevated surface.
a person raises their arms out to the side, then puts them down.
a person does a dance
a person waves with their left hand, spreads their arms out, and waves again.
a person jumps up and down with their hands near their chest.
the person is turning something.
a person walks in a clockwise circle
a person is wiping something
a person walks around in a circle
a person walks forward slowly.
a person raises both hands and moves legs in a exercise routine.
a person walks forward, spins around and walks back.
a person walks back and forth
a person walks backwards in a straight line
a person walks forward slowly while holding onto a rail.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person is holding something in their right hand, tilting it to pour it into a container in their left hand, then tilting the container to pour the contents back into the container they started with.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person has his arms bent at the elbow and moves his arms up and down in a bent position
a person is backing up then sitting down.
a person walks forward, picks something up and turns around and walks back.
the person is looking around with his head.
a person is walking backwards.
a person walks in a circle counter clockwise.
the person is making a left hand gesture
a person lowers their arms from being straight out to the side, then raises their arms out to their side, before bringing their arms down and raising them again.
a person bends their knees and then jumps.
a person lifts something on their left side and places it on their right side.
a person walks forward and then stumbles.
a person in a squatting position raises and lowers their arms repeatedly.
the person is walking forward and then back.
a person walks in a circle
a person stands and moves their left arm in a slow motion.
a person is standing then turns around then turns back around again.
a person does bicep curls with both arms.
the man sidesteps in a clockwise circle.
a person walks forward slowly.
the person is walking forward and then picks something up with his right hand.
a person is standing with his hands in front of him.  he then punches the air with his right hand.  then he backs up and punch the air again with his left hand.
the person is making a phone call.
a person walks forward and picks up a phone.
a person bends down, then stands back up, then puts their left hand to their face.
the person is walking around the bend to the left.
a person stands on their right foot and bends their left leg, then lifts their left foot and moves it around in the air.
a person jogs in place.
a person gets up from a kneeling position, walks in a circle, and then sits back on the ground.
a person jumps forward one step.
a person waves with his right hand, then waves with left hand, and then moves left hand back and forth.
a person walks forward with a slight bend in their knees and their arms slightly outstretched.
a person sits down and crosses their legs.
a person walks backwards in a straight line.
a person raises their right hand and then waves with it.
a person walks forward slowly and stops.
a person walks forward, bends down and picks something up, then walks back and puts it down.
a person picks up an object, turns to the right and makes a motion as if they are putting the object down.
a person walks backwards a few steps.
a person walks backwards in a straight line.
a person throws something with their right hand
a person walks forward and then turns around and walks back.
a person walks in a circle.
a person walks forward in a curve to the right.
a person is dancing with their partner.
a person runs in a curved line to the left.
a person walks forward, raises their hand, then waves their hand back and forth.
the person is doing a box step.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person picks up something on their left side and places it on their right side.
a person walks forward, bends forward, and then makes a movement with their left hand.
a person raises their right arm and moves it to the right.
the person is walking around.
a person walks backwards while waving his arms around
a person is standing still, then brings both hands together in a clap, then turns to the right, then repeats the clap.
a person bends over and looks at something with their head and eyes.
a person walks forward then turns around.
a person walks forward and is pushed to the right.
the person walks to the right then sits down.
a person is sitting down, then raises their arms and puts them back down again.
a person does jumping jacks.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person walking forward in a line
the person is catching and throwing a football.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person is walking around.
a person walks forward and then stops.
a person is bending over to pick up an object with their left hand.
a person is walking while holding onto something with their left hand.
the person is getting something from the right and putting it down on the left
a person is standing with both hands to their side. they then start to bend over, moving their hands around their sides.
a person standing with their feet shoulder width apart and arms extended to the sides at shoulder height. the person is then moving their arms around in a circular motion at shoulder level.
a person walks forward then turns around and walks back.
a person takes a large step to the right.
a person walks forward, turns around on their right foot and walks back.
a person jogs in place.
the person is lifting weight with both hands.
a person throws a slow punch.
the person is walking straight forward.
a person is holding something with their left hand and shaking it with their right hand.
a person walks forward and stops.
the man is walking in a s shape
a person kneels down while balancing with their right hand.
a person walks forward in a straight line.
a person is jogging in a curved line.
a person walks to their right in a circle, stopping with their left foot leading.
the person was pushed from the right.
a person is walking forward in a zig zag pattern.
a person slowly raises their right arm, then their right leg, and kicks with their right foot.
the person walks forward and to the right.
a person lifts their hands above their head
a person standing up, raising both hands, and then making a random jabbing spots with the right hand.
a person walks down a slope.
a person walks in a clockwise circle.
a person walks in a circle
a person walks forward, then climbs onto an object, then turns around and walks back down the object.
a person gets on their knees and crawls.
a person is walking up stairs.
a person walks forward, puts their arms out, then moves them back and to the side.
a person is sitting down and then they throw something with their right hand
a person twists their torso right and left, bends at the waist, and then leans to their right and their left.
a person steps over something.
the person is standing still.
a person stretches out their right leg, then left leg, and twists their torso.
a person walks forward and then jumps
a person runs in a circle
a person bends down, touches the ground, and then stands up again.
a person is standing and then kicks their left leg to the right.
a person jumps backward and stops.
a person walks in a circle.
a person is running diagonally.
a person walks forward in place
a person walks forward.
the person is sitting down and then getting up.
a person with their arms out at their side, lowers their arms to their side.
a person sits on the ground and swings his arms back and forth.
a person raises their right hand and waves.
a person bends down and picks up something with his right hand, then raises it to his face.
a person stands still and then puts their right hand up.
a person is walking forward with their left foot first, and then their right foot, while their arms are bent in front of them.
a person with their arms crossed looks from right to left.
a person is pushed backward.
the person is wiping something in circular motion.
a person is holding something with both hands, then swings it with his right hand.
a person walks backwards slowly.
a person walks forward and picks something up with his right hand, then turns around and uses that object on something with his left hand.
a person is standing with their right leg forward and both arms bent at the elbow, and then they bend their right arm back.
the person walks forward then gets pushed from the left.
a person walks forward, then turns around and walks back.
a person is moving an object from left to right
a person takes a step back.
a person lifts something with both hands and places it on their right side.
a person walks backwards in a straight line.
a person is walking backwards.
a person raises both arms and makes circular motions in front of them with both hands.
a person walks forward, jumps and continues to walk forward.
a person is walking forward and then they raise their arms up and start walking backwards.
a person raises their right hand up to their head.
a person stands on their left foot while they kick their right leg in the air and kick their left leg in a circle.
a person is standing still, and then starts punching the air.
a person walks forward, turns around and walks back.
a person walks forward, turns around, and walks back.
a person picks up something with his right hand and puts it in front of him.
a person lifts their right hand to their face and then puts it back down.
a person punches with their left hand.
a person is making small random jabbing spots
a person standing up, with right arm outstretched and moving it side to side.
a person is walking slowly with their arms out to their sides.
a person stumbles to the right.
a person walks in a circle
the person is moving his left arm and hand around, then he moves his right arm and hands around.
a person walks forward and is pushed to the right
a person bends down and touches something with their right hand.
a person walks in a u shaped curve and stops
a person walking fast forward.
a person turns to the right, walks a bit, turns right again, then lifts both hands to the left side and waves.
the person is walking forward.
a person runs forward and stops.
a person is doing a dance move.
a person walks forward and then makes a left turn and uses their left hand to pick up something.
a person in a squat position.
a person is pushed from the right side and stops.
a person doing a high knee kick with the right knee.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person shuffles in a small circle
a person walks forward down a slight ramp.
a person grabs something and raises it above their head before bringing it down and then lifting both arms up in the air.
a person is pretending to be a human dragon.
a person jumps to the side.
a person steps back and throws something with their right hand.
a person walks forward with their right arm extended.
a person stands completely still.
the person is throwing something with their right arm.
a person walks forward then turns around and waves their hand.
a person is holding his arms out straight to his side, lowers his arms, then lifts his right hand to his face.
a person is performing a dance.
a person walks in a circle
a person is doing jumping jacks.
a person is swinging both arms back and forth, before swinging their right arm forward and backward, and then repeating the motion with their left arm.
a person bends over and walks in a circle.
a person walks forward at a slow pace
the person is walking around.
a person throws something with their right hand.
a person is standing with his arms on his legs
a person raises their right arm then waves their hand.
a person runs in a circle
a person standing up takes a step back with their right foot and bends over to tie their left shoe.
a person walks quickly forward
a person is making a phone call, then hangs up.
a person is walking forward slowly.
a person leans down and begins to walk forward.
a person throws something with their right hand
a person is using a touch screen
a person walks forward, is pushed to the left, recovers and continues walking forward.
a person walks forward and then turns to their right and stops.
a person walks forward and then turns around and walks back.
a person jumps up and then does two jumping jacks.
the person is doing a puzzle.
a person steps backwards and stops
the person is walking forward.
a person picks up something and then walks over to put it down.
a person picks something up and then stirs it.
a person steps up a step, then steps down a step.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person is walking side to side, in a s pattern.
a person walks forward, turns to the right and then turns to his left and then his right hand is outstretched.
a person lifts both arms outward then upward, then brings them downward and out to their sides.
a person takes a step forward with his left foot, rotates his hips to the right and kicks with his right foot.
a person is pushed from the left side but does not fall.
the person is doing a strange gesture.
a person stands with his right hand raised above his head.
a person walks downstairs forward directally
a person raises both hands forward, then moves backwards.
a person moves both arms up and down.
a person raises their hands, walks forward, trips, then gets up and walks backwards.
a person raises their hands overhead and walks forward.
a person walks forward, picks something up with his right hand, and then walks back.
a person is jumping up and down.
a person lifts a dumbbell with their left hand.
a person throws a punch with their right hand.
a person waves their arms wildly and jumps in place.
the person gets up from a kneel using their left hand.
a person crouches down then stands up.
the person walks forward in a half circle.
a person is moving something from right to left
a person throws a baseball with his left hand.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person walks forward, turns around and walks back, then turns around again.
the person is calling out loud
the person is walking forward.
a person is throwing something.
a person running forward in a slight diagonal
the person is looking through binoculars.
a person dances a salsa.
a person lifts their right foot and stomps it once.
a person jogs forward.
a person walks forward, turns around and walks back.
the person is holding someone.
a person walks forward then turns to the left and starts waving their arms around.
a person walks in a circle
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle.
a person throws something with their right hand.
the person is moving around their arms and legs.
a person walks in a left curve.
a person walks in a circle while swinging their arms
a person is waving their hands around
a person holds something up with their right hand and looks through it.
a person is sitting, while holding a phone in their right hand.
a person walks forward and turns around and walks back.
the person is lifting a tray from his right to his left.
a person is stirring something with his right hand.
a person steps forward, leans down and wipes something off.
.. a hand. and person... person is  and a0..16.71001..0.,.. and1.03.43.000.120211 to0076071900 to061611015069022.066056063.2065012.1767715667504613107005109111.10500
a person is pretending to be a chicken.
a person holds their arms out and then dances in a circle.
a person walks forward while holding onto something with their right hand.
a person runs forward and stops.
a person swings their arms around and moves their hands around.
the person is cleaning windows.
a person lifts his right hand to his face.
a person walks forward, hops and kicks the air, then walks backwards.
the person hit the golf ball.
a person walks forward, turns around and puts his right hand to his mouth.
a person stands with bent knees and raises their arms.
a person walks forward and stops.
the person walks forward slowly.
the person is walking forward.
a person bends their left arm at the elbow and brings their left hand up to their head, then returns to a standing position.
a person moves in a circular motion
a person side steps to the left then side steps back to the right.
a person punches with their right hand.
a person slowly walks forward and turns around.
a person stands still while looking around.
the person is lifting both arms above his head and then squatting.
a person bends forward, hops around acting like a monkey.
a person is moving something with his hands
a person side steps to the right, then side steps back to the left.
a person is squatting down.
the person is standing in one spot.
a person is walking forward, and then kicks something with his left foot.
a person is walking backwards.
a person kneels down on his knees.
a person is standing on his right foot, then his left, then walks to the right.
a person is pushed from the right but does not fall.
a person runs forward and then to the right.
a person is swimming the butterfly.
a person sits on the ground and holds their head with both hands.
a person walks forward and picks something up from the ground, then turns around and walks back to where they started
a person steps forward then turns to the right.
the person is walking around a bend.
a person walks forward, turns and walks back, turns again and walsk forward.
a person walks forward and turns to the left.
a person waves both arms up and down.
a person walks backwards
the person is throwing a football.
a person swings his right arm around and then his left arm around
a person jogs on a treadmill.
a person walks to the left and then to the right and then back to their original position.
the person is moving something with both hands.
a person standing and waving their right hand
a person walks forward then turns around and walks back.
a person side steps to the left then side steps back to the right.
a person runs forward, turns around and runs back.
the person is walking very slow.
a person walks backwards in a circular motion.
a person lowers their arms from being straight out to their sides, and then waves with their right hand.
a person throws a right hook.
a person lifts his right arm upwards to the side.
a person runs forward with arms bent.
the person is walking forward.
a person standing still, then stepping back.
a person grabs an object and moves it to the right.
a person takes a big step to the right.
a person walks forward, turns to the right and walks, turns and walsk, then stops
a person walks forward, turns around and walks back.
a person is standing still, then jumps forward.
a person walks forward, stops, then starts walking forward again.
the person picks up an object and places it to their left.
the person walks forward then turns around and sits down, then gets back up and walks back.
the person is walking like a human monkey.
a person walks forward and then stops.
a person is mixing something.
a person walks forward very slowly.
a person stands with arms at his sides and then moves his right arm forward in a slow motion.
a person brings their hands up to their face, and then brings them back down.
a person dances with his left leg, moving it to the right and left in a steady beat.
a person bends at the knees and squats.
a person runs forward and then stops.
a person stands still for a few seconds, then moves forward slightly.
a person stands with feet shoulder width apart and arms at his side.
the person is throwing a punch.
a person is sitting and then raises their right hand.
a person walks forward while holding onto something with his left hand.
a person is walking on a treadmill
a person raises both hands up to their head.
a person walks forward and to the left.
a person walks forward, turns around, walks back, and turns around again.
a person does jumping jacks.
a person is skipping around acting like a monkey.
a person walks forward while holding onto something with his left hand.
a person slowly walks forward and uses their left hand to push something to the right.
a person is bending down and making gestures.
the person is walking forward.
a person walks forward, gets pushed and recovers.
a person walks forward, walks back, and then bends over.
a person lifts their left leg and moves it from side to side.
a person is lifting something with both hands, tilting it and then putting it back down.
a person bends down to the ground and crawls forward.
a person is holding binoculars up to their face.
a person is making a motion with their right hand.
a person walks forward in a straight line.
the person is running forward.
a person stands with his feet shoulder width apart and his arms by his side.
a person walks forward, gets pushed and recovers, then walks again.
a person stands with their arms outstretched, then lowers their arms and lifts their right leg, then they turn and walk in a circle.
a person steps up onto a ladder, then moves their left foot, then steps right foot up onto the ladder.
a person is walking forward and grabbing something from his left and right side.
a person is running in a half circle.
a person turns to the right and then turns around to the left.
a person is moving his hands around as if to mimic an animal.
a person is walking backwards.
a person walking forward then stumbling.
a person does jumping jacks.
the person is holding something in his right hand.
a person is sitting on the floor with their legs in front of them and both arms are raised as if they are holding something heavy.
a person moves their hands in circular motion
a person walks down stairs while swinging their arms.
a person walks in a circle clockwise.
a person raises their right hand to their face, steps back and raises both hands to the sides.
the person is holding his head with his hands.
a person is moving both hands up and down and then motions hugs with both hands.
a person is running forward and then stops.
a person is jogging back and forth
a person walks forward and makes a motion as if they are petting a dog.
a person walks forward slowly.
the person is making gestures.
a person swings their right leg forward and kicks something.
a person bends down and crawls on their hands and knees.
a person walks in a circle
a person raises both hands and walks in a counterclockwise circle
a person stumbles to the right.
a person steps backwards and then lifts their right hand to their face, then brings their hand down and steps backwards again.
a person is holding something and then makes a gesture.
the man is walking forward slowly.
a person walks in a circle, sits down, then gets up and continues to walk in a counterclockwise circle.
a person is jumping rope.
a person walks forward while swinging his arms.
a person walks forward at a normal pace.
a person walks forward, then sits down.
the man is walking on a balance beam.
a person sits down on the floor, cross-legged fashion, then stands up.
the person is doing jumping jacks.
a person walks in a circle.
a person squats down and sits on the ground.
a person walks forward, turns around and walks towards the left.
a person walks forward, bends down to pick something up, walks back, and sets the item down.
a person walks forward.
a person gets on his knees and crawls forward, then turns around and crawl backwards.
a person walks forward and stops.
the person is lying on the floor with their feet and hands spread wide apart.
a person walks forward and picks up something with his right hand, then turns around and walks back.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person takes a large step to the right.
a person is standing with his hands on his legs, then raises his hands above his head.
a person walks backwards then forward then makes a jabbing motion with their left hand.
the person is walking forward slowly.
a person steps forward and then bends forward, then repeats the motion.
a person walks up some steps at a fast pace.
a person picks up an item and then uses it on another item.
a person stands still and then moves their right arm upward
the person is doing side step to the left.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person walks in a circle counter clockwise.
the person is walking forward then suddenly pushes to the left.
a person does jumping jacks.
a person raises their right hand above their head.
a person walks forward at a normal pace.
a person is side stepping to the right and then to the left.
a person is lifting something from their right side and putting it on their left side
a person jogs in place.
a person walks to the right and sits on a stool.
a person is holding their hand up to their face.
a person walks forward and then moves something with his right hand.
a person sways slightly from side to side.
a person standing, lifts their arms outward, lowers them and then raises them again.
a person gets down on all fours and crawls forward.
a person walks forward while placing their left hand on a handrail.
a person lifts something from the right side and places it on the left.
a person walks in a quarter circle clockwise
a person is walking and veering slightly to the right.
a person steps back, then brings his hands together, and steps back again.
a person is laying down with their arms on the ground.
a person kneeling on the floor, lifts their right arm and stands up, then turns to their right side and extends their left arm.
a person runs forward in a straight line.
a person turns to their right, bends down and grabs something with their right hand, turns around and walks away.
a person grabs something with both hands and tilts it over to the side.
a person crouches down, both arms are in front, and then they move from right to left.
a person is standing and rubbing their hands together.
a person is throwing something.
the person is moving something with his right hand and then walks to the left and sets it down.
a person walks forward then turns around and walks back.
a person is spinning around and doing a cartwheel.
a person walks forward, is pushed to the left and recovers, then walks back to the front.
a person crosses their feet while standing.
a person is pacing back-and-forth
a person walks forward with their hands at their sides.
a person is in a fighting stance and kicks to the right.
a person punches upwards with their right hand.
a person jumps sideways to the right, then sideways back to the left.
a person is walking forward and then takes a big step over something.
a person stands still, then moves their arms up and down.
a person is waving his hands around, then does a dance move.
the person is walking forward.
a person is dancing with his arms up.
the person is running and then turns around and runs.
the person picks up an object and sets it on a shelf
a person bends over and makes a motion with their left hand as if they are washing a wall.
the person is moving something with both hands.
a person walks forward with their arms at their sides.
a person is standing, moving their left and right arms up and down alternately
a person walks forward while holding a hand rail.
the person is drinking something.
a person walks forward at a quick pace
a person is standing still and then takes a step forward
a person is sitting with their left hand up.
a person stands from sitting position.
a person sits down and leans backward.
a person doing jumping jacks
a person walks forward slowly.
a person bends down, then lifts his left hand to his face, then lowers his hand again.
a person raises their hands to block their face
the man is running forward.
a person slowly jumps up and down twice.
the person is walking in place.
a person bends over, then jumps up.
a person is doing a wave motion with their arms
a person walks forward slowly.
a person holds something in their right hand and moves their left hand in a circular motion in front of their chest.
the person is sitting down.
a person is making a jerky motion with both hands.
a person gets on all fours and crawls around before standing back up.
a person walks forward while waving their right hand in the air.
a person raises their left hand to their head, then lowers their hand, then raises both hands and lowers them again.
a person walks forward, turns around and walks back, and then walks again.
a person walks forward, turns right and walks back.
a person is walking backwards.
a person walks in a diagonal line to the right and then turns around and walks back in a line.
a person walks forward and stops.
the person is standing in place and raises both arms to the side.
a person lifts their arms and makes a gesture with both hands, like they are holding a ball.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person is holding his right hand up, and then puts it down.
the man is moving something with his right hand.
the person is walking in a line
a person throws a left punch
a person slowly walks forward and stops.
a person throws a punch with their left hand.
a person is moving an object in circular motion.
the person is doing a right hand reach
a person walks forward and then uses something with their right hand.
a person is standing on his left leg, bending his right leg, and then raises his right arm and does a series of kicks with his right foot.
a person is throwing something.
a person walks forward and twists their ankle.
the person is walking forward.
a person running in a diagonal line.
a person walks forward, side steps to the right and then side steps left and right.
a person walks backwards in a clockwise circle.
a person takes a step forward
a person throws something with his right hand
a person jumps up and down twice.
a person walks forward and steps over something.
the person is jogging in place.
a person jumps in place.
the person is moving their hands in a circle motion.
a person takes a few steps forward, turns around on their right foot and takes a couple steps back.
a person is stretching out their back.
a person walks forward while balancing on a beam.
the person walks forward then turns around then walks back.
the person is lifting weights with his arms.
a person kneels down on the ground with their right leg and their right hand.
a person walks forward in a zig zag pattern then waves their arms in the air
a person standing in one spot, reaches up with his left hand.
a person kicks forward with their right foot.
a person walks forward at a normal pace.
a person walks in a quarter circle to the left.
the person is lifting weights.
a person is waving with his right hand.
a person sits down and rests his hands on his lap.
the man is making a catching motion.
a person sits down, then motions with both hands.
a person walks backwards then forwards while shuffling their feet.
a person walks backwards.
a person picks up a sponge with their right hand and uses it to clean something.
a person bends over with their arms out.
a person holds their hands out in front of them, then does a dance.
the person is getting a shower.
a person walks backwards while dangling their arms.
the person is doing the salsa dance.
a person drops to the ground and crawls forward.
the person is walking around the bend to the right.
a person raises both arms, then bends over.
the person is making a phone call
a person does jumping jacks.
a person reaches forward with their right arm and picks up something, then turns to their left and washes their right side with it.
the person is picking up a dumbbell with their right hand and then doing a squat.
a person jumps in place twice.
the person has their knees bent and their arms outstretched.
the person pick something up and put it down.
a person walks in a circle counterclockwise.
a person raises both arms up in the air.
a person is standing with his arms out, then he bends over and shakes hands with several people.
a person is walking forward while holding onto something with their right hand.
a person walking up a step
a person walks slowly forward and to the right.
a person throws something with their left hand
a person walks forward slowly.
a person throws something with their right hand
a person raises their right leg and kicks to the right.
a person is running forward.
a person steps forward and reaches down with their right hand.
a person crosses their arms in front of their chest.
a person is lifting a dumbbell with their right arm.
the person is walking backwards.
a person steps to their left and then turns around and steps to the left again.
a person swings their legs and arms in a circle
a person is crawling forward on their hands and knees.
the man does jumping jacks.
a person is walking sideways to the right, then to the left, then back to the center.
a person is walking around.
a person is walking on a treadmill.
a person is standing and moving their hands around
the person is running in a circle.
a person jogs forward and then stops.
a person walks forward at a normal pace.
a person walks forward, then turns around on his right foot and walks back.
a person walks in a figure eight.
a person walks forward, turns around and sits down, then stands back up and walks back.
a person does a squat while holding something above their head.
the person is washing the dog.
the person is doing jumping jacks.
the person is walking backwards.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person walks backwards in a straight line.
a person picks up an object and tilts it on its side, before setting it back down
a person lifts both hands above their head and then lowers them back down.
a person steps back, stumbles to the right and then steps back again.
the person is walking forward slowly.
a person is sitting on a stool and is mixing something.
a person jogs in place.
a person is walking forward while moving his hips in a circle.
a person raises their right arm in front of them and waves.
a person kneels down to sit on their knees.
a person is dancing with someone.
a person lifts both arms to their sides, lowers them, and then moves their hands in front of them as if typing.
a person throws something with their right hand.
a person walks forward, then turns around and walks back.
the person is standing on his left foot and kicking his right foot up to the right.
a person runs forward and to their left.
the person is making a gesture with their left hand.
a person walks forward, then stops.
a person is lifting a dumbbell over their head.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person jogs forward.
a person is backing up.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person walks forward, then turns to the left and walks backwards, then raises their right arm and then turns around and raises both arms.
a person is putting something in front of them.
a person walks forward and then kicks something with their right foot.
the person is moving both arms.
a person walks forward and then turns to the right side.
a person warms up with both arms.
the person is walking forward with their right hand up.
the man is lifting weights.
a person is running around acting like a human monkey.
a person kneels down and crawls forward on their hands and knees, then turns around and crawl backward.
a person picks up something and moves it to the left
the person is doing jumping jacks.
a person is wiping something with his right hand and then he walks backwards and raises both hands up.
a person is jumping around acting like a monkey.
a person is kneeling and holds onto a handrail with their left hand as they stand up, then they sit back down and hold onto the handraill again.
a person crosses their right leg over their left leg.
a person steps to the left and then lifts their left arm and turns their head to the right and then turns their arm to the side.
a person puts both hands together in applause.
a person walks forward, picks something up, then turns around and walks back.
a person raises their hands and kicks to the right.
a person raises both hands to the top of their head, then leans forward and back.
a person lifts their right arm, then both arms, and then lifts both arms above their head.
a person does jumping jacks.
the person is walking backwards.
the person is moving side to side with his arms out
a person is standing, then steps backwards with right foot first, then left foot, then back with left foot first.
a person is holding something with both hands and then brings his left hand up to touch the object with his right hand.
a person walks in a circle
a person walks forward, then turns around and walks back.
the person is holding something with their left hand.
a person raises their hands to the middle of their chest, then waves their hands back and forth in a circular motion.
the person is standing and lifts his right hand to his head.
a person moves their arms in a circular motion.
a person walks forward, then side steps to their left.
the person is doing a dance.
a person lifts a dumbbell with their right hand.
a person bends over and picks up an object, and then rubs it on something.
a person is standing with their feet wide apart and lifts their hands above their head
a person walks forward very slowly.
a person walks to their right, then to their left, and then back to their original position.
a person is in the midst of a dance.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle.
a person walks forward and then turns around and walks back.
a person walks to their left and sits down.
a person jumps up and down with their hands near their chest.
a person stretches both arms forward.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person walks backwards, then forwards, then turns around and walks forwards again.
a person walks backwards in a straight line.
a person raises their right hand.
a person walks in a counter clockwise circle
a person raises their right hand up to their face.
the person is lifting his arms from the side to the side.
the person is doing jumping jacks.
a person is stretching their legs and back.
a person is sitting down and then stands up and walks forward.
a person is standing still then pushed backwards
a person walks forward at a very slow pace.
a person stands still, then starts to wave their hands around
a person walks forward, turns around and runs forward.
a person swims the butterfly.
a person walks forward, reaches down with their left hand, and picks something up, before moving their hand in a small circle.
a person is standing with their feet apart and hands together, then they raise their arms up and down, then raise their hands above their head and then put their hands back together.
a person crouches down and moves both arms in front of them.
a person walks forward.
a person on their knees gets up and walks to the right, then gets down on their hands and knees again.
the person is sitting on a swivel chair with their arms on the arm rests, and then they stand up and swivel to the right.
the person is looking at his right wrist.
a person sits on a swivel chair, lifts their left hand, turns their hand palm side up and brings it back down.
a person walks up an elevated surface.
a person walks forward, bends slightly at the waist and then moves their left hand in a semi-circular motion to their right.
a person walks forward, bends down, then gets up and walks backwards
a person raises their right arm.
a person walks in a circle
a person bends forward at the waist several times.
a person bends down with both hands together, then lifts them up to their face, and then they bring their hands down again.
a person turns around then turns around again.
a person throws something with their right hand.
a person sits on the ground with both hands in front of them.
a person walks forward very slowly.
a person walks forward then turns around and walks back.
a person is posing like a zombie.
a person is standing with their arms straight out to their sides and lowers them.
a person does a box step.
a person crosses their legs while sitting on an invisible stool.
a person makes a kicking motion with their right leg
a person walking in a curve to the right.
a person is moving around with his right arm
a person lifts their right arm and waves.
a person is walking backwards slowly.
a person is standing, lifts their hands to their sides, and then bends their arms at the elbow, moving their hands back and forth in a circular motion, while their torso remains steady.
the person is lifting a dumbbell with their right arm.
a person walks forward very slowly.
the person was pushed from the right.
a person does jumping jacks.
a person is holding their hands in front of their face.
a person throws a punch with their right hand.
a person puts both of their hands up to their face and shakes their right arm.
a person is punching with their left hand
a person walks in a circle counterclockwise.
a person walks slowly forward.
a person walks side to side in a figure 8 motion.
a person walks forward, picks something up and turns around and walks back.
a person stretches their arms out to their sides, lowers them, and then kneels down with their hands on the floor.
a person runs forward and stops.
a person reaches down with their right hand and picks something up, then walks to their right and uses the object to wipe something down.
a person lifts their arms above their head, lowers them, and then raises them again.
the person is standing still.
a person jumps forward.
a person lifts their hands and moves their hands in a circular motion.
the person is doing a dance.
the person is walking up the stairs.
a person walks in a circle and then walks forward.
a person bends down, gets on all fours and crawls forward.
a person bends over and picks up something, then walks in a circle with their hands up
a person lifts his right hand to his face.
a person does a cartwheel to the left, then walks backwards.
a person is sitting down with both hands up
a person jumps straight up into the air.
the person is making circular motions with both of his hands.
a person throws an object with their right hand, then kicks their right leg back, then throws another object with his right hand.
a person bends down and picks up something with their right hand, then walks forward while swinging their right arm.
a person steps forward with their right foot, bends down and picks something up with their left hand, then walks backwards and bends over to touch something with their hand.
a person stands with arms at their side and then lifts their right hand and waves.
the person is walking forward then back.
a person raises their hands above their head.
a person throws something with their right hand.
the person is standing still then turns to the left.
a person folds their arms across their chest.
a person sits down in a chair.
a person doing a dance
a person walks forward then jumps then continues to walk.
a person raises their right hand above their head and begins to move in a circle.
the person was pushed from the right side but did not fall down.
a person moves their arms in a circular motion.
a person is sitting down with their knees bent.
a person steps forward, kneels down, touches the ground, then stands up and walks backward.
a person walks forward and to the right.
a person standing up and moving their right hand in circular motion
a person lifts their left leg up and extends it behind them, then moves both legs out to the side, then raises both arms out to their sides and above their head.
a person walks slowly forward with arms extended above their head.
a person jumps to the right.
a person is jogging in place, then starts to jog slowly forward.
a person steps forward, bends down, walks back, bend down and starts pushing something.
a person walks forward while holding a hand rail.
a person raises their hands in the air and jumps up and down.
the person is walking forward.
the person is making a snowball.
a person doing a hand gesture
a person walks forward and then reaches down with their right hand.
a person is standing still, then they raise their left hand and move it in a random jerky spasms.
a person is walking forward.
a person stretches to the left, then to the right, then bends forward at the waist, then back up.
the person is flexing their arms up and down.
a person is squatting down.
the man is walking in a curve to the left.
a person drops down to the floor and crawls on all fours in a clockwise circle.
a person is standing in place, with arms outstretched. the person then pretends to hold something in both hands, before bringing them up to mouth level, as if they are drinking something. the figure then moves to the right and makes a drinking motion again.
a person is eating something.
a person with both arms up, looks from side to side, then brings both arms down, and lifts right arm up, then left arm up
the man is sitting down eating.
a person is standing with hands on knees, then lifts right hand to mouth.
a person walks backwards, then crouches down.
a person raises both arms above their head and then waves their left hand back and forth.
a person walks forward, turns around and walks back, before raising their right hand to their head.
a person grabbed something and put it down
a person walks forward and stops.
a person throws something with their right hand.
the person is walking then bending over to pick something up then moving back and forth.
a person walks forward, turns around, then walks backwards, turns again, and walks forwards.
the person bends down and sits on the ground, then he touches the ground with his hands, then stands back up.
the person is stirring something with his hands.
a person picks up something with their left hand
a person walks in a circle counterclockwise.
a person raises their right hand above their head, turns to their right, then turns back to their left.
a person walks forward and then turns around and walks back.
a person does jumping jacks.
a person walks forward in a straight line.
a person is lifting a dumbbell with his left arm.
a person is holding their arms up in the air, bending them at the elbows and twisting their torso from side to side.
a person sits down on a stool, puts their left hand on their lap, and then puts their right hand on top of their left.
a person standing with feet shoulder width apart and arms out from the sides of the body, then bends down and picks up something with both hands and then starts to mix something in a circular motion.
a person stands and waves with his right hand.
a person raises their right hand to their head.
a person lifts their left hand to their face then lifts and lowers their left foot.
the person is getting something from the right side.
a person sits down and then gets back up.
a person is in a fighting stance.
a person walks forward in a straight line
a person is jumping up and down.
a person walks forward.
a person jogs in place while moving their arms, before running to the left, and then running to their right.
a person does jumping jacks.
a person swings a right handed straight punch
a person walks and turns to the left.
a person walks forward and to their right
a person with their arms slightly bent and bent over, holds their hands in front of their chest and then gets up and walks.
a person steps forward and then kicks back with their right leg.
the person sits down and then stands up to walk around
a person stands and reaches forward with both hands.
a person holds their arms out to their side and then moves them up and down.
a person has their arms extended upwards, before bringing them down to their sides, then raises them back up to the sides of their head.
a person walks forward quickly.
a person walks in a circle
a person is stirring something with their right hand.
a person is doing a washing motion with their arms
a person holds something with their left hand and waves with their right.
a person walks and then stops.
a person walks forward and then back.
the man lowers his arms and gets on his knees.
a person raises their right hand to their head, then places it back down.
a person is standing still.
the person is walking in a circle.
a person runs in place.
a person raises both arms above their head and waves their arms back and forth.
a person raises both hands to waist level, then with left hand only, then both hands again, then left hand again.
a person is standing with both arms up.
a person is holding their hands up to their face, and then lifts their left hand to their head.
the person is making gestures with both hands
a person throws something with both hands.
a person gets down on their knees and crawls forward, then stands back up.
a person brings their hands together in a clap.
a person is holding something with both hands, then claps with their left hand.
a person does jumping jacks.
the man walks quickly forward, stops and then starts again.
a person puts his right hand up to his face.
a person is jumping in place.
a person takes a step back, then raises both hands, then takes a half-step forward, then lowers both hands.
a person is doing exercise with legs and arms
the person is making a left handed catching motion.
a person walks forward then stumbles to the right and then continues walking forward.
a person is standing with his hands by his sides and then moves his left foot.
a person is pushed to the right and then to the left.
a person lowers their arms from being straight out, claps both hands together, then walks to the right, then sits down.
a person raises their arms above their head and jumps in place.
the person is kicking something.
a person jumps slightly and shuffles feet.
a person reaches out in front of them with their left hand and moves it in a wiping motion from right to left.
a person lifts their arms to the side, lowers them, and then waves both arms around.
a person raises their left arm and then puts it back down
a person is waving with their right hand, then motions hugs with both hands.
a person grabs something with both hands and shakes their right hand up and down, then brings their left hand to their mouth, then grabs another object with both their hands and makes a drinking motion.
a person is doing stretches.
the person is jogging in place.
a person waves with their left hand
a person walks in a circle
the person is shaking their hips.
a person walks forward slowly, stops, then walks backward.
a person walks up a step, stops, walks down a step and stops.
a person walks in a circle while swinging their arms.
a person stands with their arms raised, then puts their hands on their hips.
a person kicks with his right foot.
a person walks forward.
a person is spinning around with their arms outstretched.
a person walks forward and is pushed from the right.
a person walks in a circle.
a person is walking forward, then pauses and walks forward again, before stopping and walking forward one more time.
a person stands with his legs wide apart and moves his arms in front of his chest.
a person walks down the stairs while holding onto the handrail.
the man is jogging in circles
a person walks in a curved line, turns around and walks back.
a person stretches their arms out forward and to the sides, and then stretthes their back by arching it backward and forward.
a person standing with feet shoulder width apart, raises both hands shoulder height, and waves them back and forth.
the person is walking forward slowly.
a person is crouching over.
the man is standing still and then moves back.
a person is jabbing forward with alternating arms.
the person is standing still.
a person raises their hands up and down near their face
a person is standing on their right foot, hopping on their left foot and waving their arms around.
a person does a jumping jack.
a person pours something over ice.
a person walks forward, turns and walks back, then sits down and stands up again.
a person runs on the spot.
a person is jumping on his left foot
a person walks forward very slowly.
a person takes a step forward.
a person walks forward and sits down.
a person raises their hands above their head and makes a figure eight with their hands held together.
the man is walking forward.
a person walks forward and to the right.
a person walks forward, bends down and hurts their left ankle, then continues to walk in a clockwise circle.
a person steps out over an obstacle
a person picks up something from the left and moves it to the right.
a person runs forward in a straight line
a person is walking forward, then steps back, then throws an object with their right hand.
a person side steps to their right.
a person is walking slowly.
the person is walking forward then jumping up and then walking back.
a person drops to their hands and knees and crawls forward.
a person walks forward and stumbles backwards.
a person is walking forward at a medium speed.
the person is standing with his arms out from his sides and raises both arms above his head, then lowers his arms to his side and kicks his right leg backward and then kicks it forward.
a person holds their head with their hands, stumbles a bit and then lifts their arms up, stretches their back, and lowers their arms.
the man is doing a upper body stretching routine.
a person walks forward slowly.
the person is sitting with legs crossed.
the person is picking up something heavy.
a person picks something up, walks forward and then sets it down
a person walks around in a circle while holding an object.
a person jogs back and forth from left to right.
a person throws 3 punches, each time twisting their torso to add force.
the person is walking around the bend.
a person is moving his right arm forward and backward
a person walks in a clockwise circle.
a person bends down and picks up an object and raises it above their head.
a person walks forward, then stops and turns to their right, then turns again to the right and walks back to where they started.
a person picks up an object and throws it with his right hand.
a person walks forward and bends down with their right hand.
the person is looking around.
a person throws something with both hands
a person jogs back and forth.
a person takes a large leap forward, turns 180 degrees and takes another large leep forward.
the man is walking forward.
a person standing up raises their right hand to their head.
a person raises their left hand to their head.
a person is jumping rope.
a person standing, raises their left hand to their chest and then lowers it.
the person was pushed forward slightly.
a person is performing a dance move
a person stands on their right leg while moving their left leg around
a person crosses their arms across their chest.
a person steps forward, reaches down with their right hand and picks something up, then walks backward.
a person is catching and throwing a football.
a person walks to their right, then turns around and waves their hands in the air.
the man walks forward, then turns around and walks back.
a person grabs something with both hands and then lifts it up to their face.
a person walks forward and then steps over an obstacle.
a person is pretending to be an elephant.
a person walks forward, turns around, and walks back.
a person is waving both arms in a circular motion.
a person walks forward and steps over something.
a person walks forward and to the left.
a person is jumping forward and then running forward.
the person picks something up with his right hand and moves it to the left side.
a person is doing a dance move
a person raises their right leg and moves it in a circle.
the person is looking around.
a person lifts their right arm up, bends their elbow and then lowers it again
a person takes a step forward and then turns to the right.
a person walks in a circle.
a person is standing, then walks forward and stops.
a person throws an object with their right hand and catches an object
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle.
a person walks forward, then turns around and walks back.
the person is getting up from a floor exercise.
a person is dancing the waltz.
a person walks forward while using their arms for balance.
a person paces back-and-forth from right to left
a person is walking forward.
a person raises their left hand to their head and then waves their right hand back and forth, as if waving to a friend.
a person steps to the right.
a person raises their left hand to their head.
the man walks forward and stops.
a person holding their hands together as if they are praying.
a person walks in a circle
the person walks forward then heads back the opposite direction.
a person walks in a circle clockwise.
a person is dancing the waltz.
a person stands on the spot with his hands up
the person is jogging in place.
a person walks forward, picks something up and sets it on a surface.
a person walks forward, turns around and walks back.
a person is clapping in front of their chest
a person lifts their left arm and then moves their legs around.
a person waves with their right hand.
a person is jumping around acting like a monkey.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person walks forward, picks something up with his right hand, then moves backwards.
a person walks to the left.
a person raises both hands, puts them down, and kneels down with left hand first.
a person is catching a football and throwing it back.
the person is doing a strange dance
a person runs forward and then stops.
the person is walking forward and then gets pushed from the right side and then continues walking forward.
a person kneeling down with stool.
a person walks forward and kicks something with his left foot.
the person is walking like a human ghost.
a person jumps up and spins around anti-clockwise twice.
a person walks forward, then raises their right arm and waves, then continues to walk forward.
a person swings his arms around while moving his body to the left and right.
a person is on his hands and knees.
a person is exercising their back by stretching it backwards and sideways.
a person bends down and picks something up with both hands.
a person jogs to the right then to the left.
a person is walking forward and steps over something.
a person stands and raises both hands to the right, then drops them down before raising the right hand again.
a person walks forward and then stops.
a person holds both hands together in front of their chest, then they put their hands down to their side.
a person lifts something with their right hand, and then stirs it with their left hand.
a person runs forward at a fast pace.
a person lifts an object from their left side, and places it on their right side.
a person walks in a circle.
a person with his hands up and down, moves around.
a person runs forward and stops.
a person walks forward and trips over something, then stumbles back and walks forwards again.
a person stretches their left arm forward.
a person is doing a ballet twirl.
a person lifts both arms and then motions as if they are throwing something with their right arm.
a person takes a step forward, then turns to their right and walks backwards, then takes a side step to the left, then walks backward again.
the person is walking forward.
the person is on their hands and knees.
a person bends over and picks something up.
a person is making dough with their hands
a person walks forward slowly.
a person is jumping up and down.
a person holds his left arm up and then puts it back down.
a person swings both arms back then forward as they jump forward.
a person crosses their legs while sitting.
a person runs forward, stops, then continues running forward.
a person picks something up and moves it to the right.
a person walks forward then turns around and walks back.
a person walks in a counter clockwise circle, before stopping in a standing position.
a person side steps to the right.
a person walks backwards, then sits down.
the person sits down on the floor.
a person jogs forward.
a person sitting with their hands in front of them turns their hands as if they are steering a wheel.
a person is holding something in their left hand, while they manipulate it with their right hand.
a person runs, turns around, then runs again
a person holds their arms out to their sides, lowers them to their hips, then raises them back out to the sides.
the person walks forward then turns around.
a person walks forward and sits down.
a person walks forward then turns to the right.
a person throws something with both hands.
a person bounces in place, jumps in place and then starts to bounce and jump again.
a person steps up onto something, then steps down, then walks forward and to the side.
a person is standing still and then kicks their left leg to the left.
a person is waving their arms wildly and then walks in a circle.
a person crosses and lowers their arms.
a person walks forward and steps up over an obstacle and continues walking forward.
a person holds something up with his left hand while he looks around.
the person is jumping in place.
a person throws an object with both hands.
a person is dancing.
a person is performing a magic trick
a person is clapping with their hands.
a person reaches down with both hands and picks something up, then uses it to wipe something.
a person stands up from a sitting position, walks in a circle, and sits back down.
a person walks forward and then turns around.
a person walks in a quarter circle to the left.
a person bends down and picks up something.
the person is bending over to pick something up.
a person kicks something with his right foot and then runs away.
a person squats down with their arms out in front of them.
a person is squatting down
a person is acting like a cat.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle
a person is wiping a wall.
a person picks something up with their left hand and moves it to the right.
a person walks forward, then moves to the right and walks back, then bends over and walsk forward again
a person grabs something and uses it to wash something.
a person walks forward, turns left and continues walking.
a person walks forward then stops and moves to the right.
a person walks forward, turns around and walks back.
a person lifts something on their left and sets it down on their right.
a person lifts both arms up, then bends at the elbow and lifts their left arm up, bending it twice.
a person lifts his right hand to his head.
a person is sitting down while eating something with their left hand.
a person walks forward and turns right
the person is walking forward.
a person standing with his feet shoulder width apart, and his hands in front of his body, claps his hands together, and then drops his arms back to his sides.
the person is walking forward.
the person steps forward and then makes a drinking motion with his right hand.
a person moves their arms up and down.
a person walks backwards.
a person performs a jumping jack.
a person walks in a circle with their hands in front of their body.
a person stands still, while their left foot taps.
a person is jumping up and down.
a person lifts both hands above their head and then lowers them to their side.
the person is playing a violin.
a person turns around, picks up an object with their right hand, then turns around again and walks forward.
a person standing on their right foot and bouncing their left foot.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person bends down to the right and picks up something, then turns to the left and pours it.
a person leans to the left, then stumbles backwards and to the right.
a person is waving both hands.
a person walks forward then turns around and walks backwards
a person walks forward, then leans forward to avoid something, then continues to walk forward.
a person walks up a step, then turns around and walks down a step.
the person walks forward in a staggered fashion
a person runs forward, turns around, and runs back.
a person is standing, claps their hands together, then raises their right hand above their head, bends their knees, and jumps in place.
a person walks forward slowly.
the person walks in a half circle then starts running in a circle.
the person is walking forward.
a person is doing a left handed uppercut.
a person walks in a circle.
a person walks in a circle, then sits down on the ground.
a person lifts both hands up and swings them around
a person sidesteps to their right, then left, then right.
a person raises their right arm to the side, and then raises it again in a punching motion.
the person is walking slowly.
a person jumps forward with both arms at their side.
a person walks forward and pours something with his right hand.
a person walks backwards, then jogs forward and stops.
a person jogs back and forth in a small area.
a person is waving their hands.
a person takes two steps forward then raises their left hand, waves, then lowers their hand.
a person walks forward then turns to the left and sets their right leg on a stool, their left leg on the ground.
a person walks in a large arc.
a person is walking forward slowly.
a person slowly walks forward and to the right.
the person is leaning to the right.
a person walks forward and then stops.
the person is walking around acting like a human penguin.
the person is walking around.
a person runs forward, and then stops.
a person wipes something in circular motion.
a person throws something with his right arm.
a person picks up a drink with his right hand, takes a sip, and sets it back down.
the person is walking sideways
a person walks forward, while holding on to something.
a person is doing arm stretches
a person stands with their left arm extended in front of their face, and then their right arm.
a person throws something with their right hand.
a person is running forward.
the person is sitting on something.
a person lifts their left hand to their face, then lowers it.
a person walks forward and then throws something with his left hand.
a person steps forward, bends over and touches something, then walks to the left, turns around and walks back.
a person runs forward and stops.
a person bends at the knees and jumps up and down once.
a person jumps forward, then turns around.
the person is moving in a circle.
a person steps forward, turns to the right and walks forward, and then turns around.
a person picks something up and then rubs their stomach.
a person runs forward, ducks under something, then runs forward again.
a person lifts their left hand to their chest, then lowers it.
a person is doing upper body stretches
a person stands, then raises their right arm up to the side, then turns around.
a person stands on their right foot, bending their left leg at the knee and moving their left foot around.
the man waves with his right hand.
the person is running in a circle.
a person is standing still, then raises their right hand to wave.
a person walks forward in a straight line.
the person is sitting on a swivel chair while raising his left hand
a person walks forward and then stops.
a person is jogging in place.
a person is rubbing their hands together in front of their chest.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person who is standing on his right leg raises his left leg and then sets it back down and walks forward.
a person leans over and reaches their left hand down to pick something up, then reaches to their right side with their right hand and then reaches their right arm forward.
a person is flexing his left arm.
the person is moving something.
a person walks forward and then turns around and walks back.
a person picks up a sponge with his right hand, then washes a car.
a person is imitating a gorilla.
the person is backing up and then walking.
a person walks forward, spins around and walks back.
a person is standing with their hands on their legs.
the person walks forward and then stumbles
the person is waving his arms around.
a person is jogging in place.
a person holds something in their left hand, and reaches forwards with their right hand.
the person is moving something with both hands.
a person walks forward and then turns and walks back.
a person is standing still for awhile then turns to their left.
a person walks in a small circle.
a person walks forward in a curve to their right.
a person is pretending to be an animal.
a person takes wide steps sideways to their left.
a person is walking around in a large circle.
a person walks forward, turns around and walks back.
a person is standing, raises their right hand, then turns around, and begins to walk forward, before raising their right arm.
a person is limping on their left leg.
a person is throwing with both hands.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person raises their arms and makes circular motions with their hands.
a person is strumming a guitar.
a person is waving both hands up in the air.
a person is standing with his left foot forward and swings his right arm back and forth in a half circle.
a person raises their right hand to their head.
a person spins in a circle while standing in one spot.
a person walks around while holding their right arm.
a person steps forward, bends down, picks something up with his right hand and raises it to his head with his left hand.
the man is doing a slow motion straight kick.
a person picks something up and sets it to the right.
a person runs to the right, then runs to left and then walks back to where they started.
a person stands and stretches their right arm forward.
the man jumps up and down once.
a person raises their left leg and kicks it to the side.
a person walks forward and then turns around and walks.
a person walks forward and then turns around and runs forward.
the person is wiping with his left hand.
a person is shuffling their feet while slightly raising their hands
a person walks forward and stops.
the person is walking forward.
a person is twirling around with their arms out.
a person reaches down and picks up something with their right hand, then with their left.
a person walks forward at a medium pace.
a person is moving both arms in a circular motion.
a person is doing an over head press.
a person has his left hand above his head.
a person takes a big step to their left.
a person is standing with his legs spread apart and his arms out to his sides.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person reaches out with their right hand to pick something up and throws it with their left hand.
a person stands with both arms outstretched.
a person leans over and picks something up with his right hand.
a person is standing on their right leg with their left leg bent, raising and lowering their left arm as if performing a warm-up routine.
a person bends forward with his right hand extended and then turns to his right.
a person stands still, then lifts their right hand to their face.
a person reaches forward with their right hand, then reaches down with their left hand, before reaching forward with the right hand again.
the person is standing in one place with his arms in the air and moving them up and down.
a person sits down and then gets up and walks.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person looks at their left wrist.
a person is standing with their arms on their knees, then they raise their arms to the sides.
a person walks in a quarter circle to the left.
a person is dancing.
a person makes small hops, flapping their arms and swinging their arms back and forth
a person lifts their right hand up to their head.
a person stands with his arms by his sides and then begins to move his body in a dancing fashion.
a person steps over an obstacle.
a person is standing still and then gets pushed from the right.
a person is swinging his arms around.
a person walks in place slowly.
a person stands with their feet shoulder width apart, and their arms at their side. they then raise their left hand to their mouth.
the man runs quickly to his left.
a person walks in a circle
a person jogs in place.
a person picks up an object with their right hand, and then sets it down with their left.
the man is making a side step
a person walks forward, turns around, walks back, and then jumps forward.
a person is holding something with both hands, and then lifts their left hand up to their head.
a person stretches their arms out in front of them.
a person does jumping jacks.
a person jogs in a circle.
the person is lifting his left arm
a person walks forward then turns and steps on his right foot
the person is crawling on all fours.
a person is standing with his left hand in the air.
a person walks sideways to their right, then sideways back to the left, and then side to side back to where they started.
a person jogs forward, turns around and then walks backwards.
a person is pushed forward from the right side.
a person steps forward with their left foot.
a person lifts their right knee to their left hand, then lifts both hands to the sky and squats.
a person jumps up and down in the same spot.
a person stands with his arms outstretched to his sides, then bends forward at the waist, grabbing something with both hands and lifting it to his right, then returning to a standing position with his hands at his sides.
a person stands still and then moves his right arm in a circular motion
a person kneels down with the help of his right hand.
a person lifts a weight with their left hand.
a person is making a violin.
a person is standing with hands on hips, turns to the right, and then turns around and walks backwards.
a person jumps forward then stops.
a person moves their right hand in a circular motion at waist level.
the person is standing still then moves their right arm back and then puts it forward.
a person reaches out with their right hand and moves it in a forward motion
the person is punching with his left hand.
a person walks forward, then turns to the left.
the man stands on the ground,moving his right hand and then his right foot.
a person is hunched over and holding their hands together.
a person standing and waving with their right hand
a person is cleaning windows.
a person lifts his right hand above his head.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person puts their hands up to their face and turns to the right.
a person is standing still then claps.
the person is moving their legs.
a person balances on their right leg and kicks their left leg up.
a person stands with his hands at his sides.
a person sits on the ground with legs crossed, then stands up.
a person standing up, sways from left to right, then puts their left hand to their head.
a person is standing still then suddenly pushed from the right.
a person is standing in a squat position.
a person walks forward while holding something with both hands.
a person raises both arms and then walks in a circle.
a person walks forward, then walks up a step, then continues to walk forward.
a person takes a step forward.
a person walks forward, drops to the ground and crawls, then gets back up.
a person is walking forward, then turns to the left, then raises both hands and appears to be looking around.
a person swings their right leg to the right, then kicks their left leg to their right.
a person reaches down and picks up something with his right hand, then turns around and uses the item on an object.
a person is walking forward.
a person crosses their arms.
a person crouches down and then stands up again.
a person lifts something with both hands and sets it down.
a person stands still with their arms out to the sides, then bends over to the left and to the right.
a person dances side to side.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle.
a person walks forward in a straight line.
a person is walking normally.
a person is doing the motions for the tune "i'm a little teapot".
a person throws something with their right hand.
a person is moving his hands in circular motion
a person does a couple of exercises.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle.
the person is standing on the ground and then he moves forward, turns to his left side and shoots a basketball, and then returns to the ground.
a person throws an object with their left hand
a person walks backwards, then sits down on something.
a person stands in a relaxed position
a person walks forward and then jumps over something.
a person throws something with their left hand
a person crawls on the floor and stands up.
a person walks forward and then turns around and walks back.
the person is sitting down with their arms on their lap.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle
a person walks in a circle
a person walks forward and then turns around and walks back.
a person lifts something up to his head.
a person is throwing something.
a person is walking slowly forward while holding their arms out and their head down.
a person walks forward and then turns around and walks back and then walks side to side.
a person balancing on their right leg.
a person standing with their feet shoulder width apart and their arms by their sides, then they move their right arm forward as if to knock on a door.
a person steps back, sits down, then stands back up.
the man is moving his left hand.
a person grabs something with their right hand and raises it to their face.
a person walks forward, turns to their right, walks back and then walks to their left.
the person is walking forward slowly.
a person picks up an object with their left hand and then with their right.
a person walks forward while holding a hand rail with their right hand.
a person steps forward and turns to their left and reaches down with their left hand.
the person is doing a squat.
a person is waving their hand.
a person is walking with arms out, trying to balance.
a person walks backwards.
a person who is standing with his hands at his sides, raises his right hand and waves continuously for a few seconds, then waves with his left hand for a couple seconds, lowers his right arm, then brings his hands up to his sides again.
a person jumps up and then spins around.
the person walks forward in a straight line.
the person sits down and crosses their legs then stands up again.
the person is doing the tango dance.
a person hops to the left, to the right, and then forward.
a person walks forward, steps over something, then continues walking.
a person walks up a step.
a person raises their right hand to their face, then lowers it.
a man stands up from sitting on the floor, walks in a circle, and then sits back down on the ground.
a person walks forward, then turns around and walks backward, then walks in a circle
a person walks forward, turns around, and then walks back.
a person bends down and touches something with his right hand, then stands back up.
a person is doing upper body stretches.
a person is posing with their hands on their hips.
a person is jogging in place.
a person is wiping the floor with his left hand
a person is standing still then claps their hands together and walks forward.
a person is doing a hand dance
a person is standing, then kicks with his left foot, then stands still again.
a person throws an object with their right hand
a person stands up from a kneeling position, walks forward, then turns to the right side and raises both hands up.
a person is catching and throwing a football.
a person holds something with both hands and then throws it with his right hand.
the person is walking up a ladder.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person raises their right arm above their head and waves.
a person stands in place and then motions their left hand in a circle, before moving both hands in a circular motion, and then raises their arms outward.
a person gets down on their hands and knees and crawls around.
a person slowly walks forward and to the right.
the person is doing arm stretches.
the man stands with his hands on his hips, then he lifts his right hand up to his head.
a person walks in place.
a person throws a ball, catches the ball and throws it again.
a person walks sideways to the right, then sideways left, then walks in a clockwise circle, then stops at the end.
a person throwing a ball
a person dances in place, then starts moving their legs in a circle.
a person raises their right hand and waves it in a greeting.
a person walks forward and to the right.
a person is throwing a ball.
a person walks forward, then stops, then starts again.
a person walks backwards in a straight line
a person walks forward and then turns around and walks back.
a person leans over with right arm extended, then straightens up and repeats the motion.
a person walks slowly with their hands on an object.
the person is pouring with his right hand.
a person moves their right leg around.
a person does jumping jacks.
the man swings his arms down and up.
a person stands up from sitting on a chair.
the person is doing cartwheels
the person is lifting both of his arms.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person kicks something with their right leg.
a person standing with their arms straight out to their sides, drops them, and then rubs their hands together and repeats.
a person walks forward with shoulders slouched.
a person walks forward and to the right
a person standing still, lifts both of their hands up to the side and claps with their hands together.
a person walks forward, then does a series of kicks, then walks backward.
a person is waving their hands in a circle.
a person raises their right arm then lowers it before turning around and walking back.
a person walks in a quarter circle clockwise
a person walks down something.
a person walks backwards and then starts to shuffle backwards.
the person is doing jumping jacks.
a person squats down and puts their hands on their knees.
a person slowly walks in a circle
a person walks forward and reaches for something with their right hand.
a person walks forward and then turns around and walks back.
a person walks in a clockwise circle while swinging his arms
a person doing a straight kick.
a person walks forward and picks up an item, then turns around and walks back.
a person grabs something and puts it to the right.
a person puts their hands together and lifts them above their head.
a person walks forward in a diagonal line, then turns around and walks back.
a person is standing on their left foot and balancing with their right foot.
a person stands with their hands together, then raises them slightly.
a person is standing still and then bends down at the waist.
a person raises their arms out to their sides and then walks in a box shape, with their arms held out in front of them.
a person is standing with bent knees, drops their arms and then raises them again.
a person walks forward, picks up a couple things, and then walks back and picks something up with their right hand.
a person walks forward, jumps and turns around.
a person walks backwards, then forwards and to the side, then spins around clockwise and walks forwards.
a person stands still.
a person is standing with their legs spread apart and their arms outstretched at shoulder height.  they then bring their right leg forward and bend their arms at the elbow.
a person walks forward and then stops.
a person is pushed backwards.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person is making a gesture with their right hand
a person jumps in place
a person dances forward and kicks with their right leg, then turns around and kics with their left leg.
a person walks forward and then turns to the right.
a person walks to the right, walks backwards and turns around and walks back again.
the person is walking quickly towards the camera.
a person walks backwards up a small step
a person is walking backwards in a circular motion.
a person walks forward and then turns to the left.
the person is jogging back and forth.
a person runs forward, and then stops.
the person is walking around.
a person is standing still and then brings their left hand up to their face.
a person side steps to the right then side steps back to the left.
a person is dancing a waltz.
a person is walking in a circle.
the person is lifting his arm out.
the person is doing a strange dance
a person walks in a quarter circle to their left.
a person slowly walks forward.
a person is jumping up and down.
a person is walking forward while balancing on an object.
a person does over head presses
a person is making a random jabbing spots.
a person takes a big jump forward.
a person crosses their legs and sits down.
a person raises both arms above their head, and then swings them down and up.
a person walks forward then picks something up with their right hand
a person walks backwards, crouches, then walks forward while crouched.
a person walks forward carefully holding on to something with their left hand.
a person on the floor moves into a pushup position and then stands up.
a person takes a step forward with their left foot.
a person does jumping jacks.
a person runs forward, turns around, squats down and picks up an object, then walks back and squats again.
a person throwing a ball with their right hand
a person walks forward, using their right arm to balance on something.
a person squats down and clasps their hands.
the man kicks with his right foot.
a person is standing with arms outstretched, steps forward, then walks backwards, then steps forward again.
a person walks forward, turns around, and walks back, before lifting their right hand and walking forward again.
the person is waving with his right hand.
a person picks up something on their right side and moves it to their left.
the person is spinning around with his arms up.
a person is lifting something with both hands.
a person walks sideways to the right, then sideways back to the left.
a person is holding something with both hands and moving the right hand back and forth
a person swings a golf putter.
a person walks to the left, then turns around and walks back to the right.
a person throws both arms upward
a person walks in a circle counterclockwise
a person is clapping their hands together and then bends forward.
a person is waving with his right hand.
a person walks forward, bends over and touches something with his right hand.
a person is picking up something and then is putting it down.
a person crouches slightly, then jumps in place.
the person is dancing with someone.
a person raises their right hand, brings it to their mouth, then raises both hands, and then brings their left hand to their face
a person throws something with his right hand.
a person walks forward, turns around and sits, then gets up and walks back.
a person takes a small step forward.
a person is holding something up to their face.
a person walks forward, picks up something, turns around and walks back, then sets it down.
the person is walking up the stairs.
a person walks forward then turns around to walk back.
a person spins their arms around.
a person in a squat position raises and lowers their hands.
a person swings their arm with their right hand.
a person jogs in place.
a person leans to the right, bending at the waist, with both arms outstretched.
a person is wiping something in circular motion.
a person walks forward, turns around and then raises their left arm, as if reaching for something.
a person raises their hands above their head.
a person is walking sideways.
the man walks forward while holding onto something with his left hand.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person is standing and crosses their arms.
the person is doing a squat.
the person was making jerky motions with his right arm.
a person is throwing a baseball
a person is moving their hands around
a person bends down and crawls forward.
a person is swinging their arms around.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person walks forward and then turns around and walks back.
a person runs forward, stops, and then continues to run forward.
the person is walking normally.
a person walks forward, turns to the left and walks straight forward again.
a person is wiping something with his right hand, then steps backwards and lifts both hands.
a person raises both hands and waves.
a person grabs something with their left hand and sets it on the ground to their right.
a person lifts something from the right side and puts it down on the left side.
a person stands with their right leg slightly bent and their right hand raised.
a person standing up with both hands up and then putting them down and then raising them again.
a person walks forward, then bends down and touches something with his left hand, then he walks back.
the person is walking forward.
a person walks forward in a straight line
a person is waving their hands around
the person is balancing on his right foot.
the person is throwing an object.
a person is walking slowly while holding on to something.
a person throws a punch with his left hand.
a person walks forward, picks up something with both hands, turns around, and walks back.
a person walks forward at a leisurely pace.
a person walks forward, reaches down, and picks up something with both hands.
a person moves their right arm in front of them in a circular motion.
a person walks slowly with both arms outstretched in front of them.
a person picks something up and moves it to the side.
a person is leaning to the right with their right hand up.
a person walks to their left, then walks back, and then walk back again.
a person is in a fighting stance and then starts to fight.
the person is doing arm exercises.
a person standing still with their knees bent and then raises their arms to shoulder height and then lowers them to their sides.
a person squats down and then raises both arms.
a person is walking side to side.
a person runs forward in a straight line.
a person walks in a quarter circle to the left
a person walks in a half circle clockwise, then walks forward, then turns around and walks backwards.
a person walks forward, stops, and picks something up.
a person stands with their arms outstretched at their sides.
a person stands with his arms outstretched from his sides, drops his arms down to his sides and then stands still.
a person is jogging in place.
a person swings a golf putter.
a person standing and waving their hand.
a person is standing and then bends down.
a person walks forward and reaches forward with their right hand, then turns around and reaches with their left hand.
a person laying down on their front side gets up to a standing position.
a person is wiping something
a person walks forward while balancing.
a person is standing still and waving their right hand in the air.
the person is doing a dance.
a person stands up from sitting on the floor.
a person is holding a golf club with both hands.
a person walks forward, bends down, touches something, then stands up and walks back.
a person walks forward and then stops.
a person is looking around
the person is walking side to side.
a person crosses and lowers their arms, then squats down and back up.
a person walks backwards and then stops.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person walks forward and sets something down.
a person is jogging back and forth before turning around
a person is holding something in their left hand and their right hand is near their face.
a person steps backwards then turns to the right and walks backwards.
a person standing and dancing
a person walks in a circle
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle.
a person running, then ducking under something, then running again
a person is moving something with their right hand
a person walks forward slowly while holding on to something with their left hand.
a person grabs something and moves it to the right
a person is standing and then sways to the left.
a person moves both arms in a circular motion
a person walks forward in a quarter circle to the left.
a person walks forward then turns around and walks back.
a person is strumming a guitar.
a person steps forward, bends at the waist, and brings their right hand to their face.
the person is walking forward.
a person is standing with their arms out.
the person is exercising.
a person walks in a counter clockwise circle
a person does jumping jacks.
the person is waving with his right hand.
a person is waving with their right hand.
a person bends down and pets something.
a person gets down on their knees and crawls forward.
the person is dancing in a boxing ring.
a person is sneaking around.
a person gets down on their hands and knees and crawls forward, then turns around and crawl forward again.
a person drops their arms and then moves their hands in a random spots
a person stretches arms and does arm rolls
a person holds an object with both hands, and then throws it with their right hand.
a person walks in a half circle to the left.
a person is walking around in a fighting stance.
a person sits down on the floor, cross-legged fashion, and then stands up.
a person walks to the left.
a person walks forward slowly in a curved line.
a person walks forward and loses balance, regaining it and continuing to walk forward.
a person holds both hands together in applause
a person standing up, swings both arms together to the right and then back to the left.
a person walks forward, walks backwards, then walks forwards again.
a person runs in a semi-circular line
a person sidesteps to the left then the right.
a person is eating with his hands.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person takes a step forward and swings his right arm.
a person jumps up and down twice.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person is walking forward and stops.
a person picks up an item with their right hand and walks to the left to place it down.
the person is doing a fight stance.
a person walks backwards in a straight line.
a person running very fast.
a person stands still for a bit, then gets pushed to the right.
a person does a uppercut with right arm.
a person walks forward and to the right.
a person walks forward, turns and walks back.
the person is waving bye bye.
a person reaches their right arm up and then down again.
a person moves an object from left to right.
a person raises both arms, and then twirls around.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person raises their right hand up to their head and then puts it back down.
a person is waving something around.
the person is walking around the bend to the right.
a person walks sideways to their right, then sideways back to their left.
a person walks to the right, then turns around and walks back to the left.
a person lowers their arms from being straight out and then looks to their right
the person is doing jumping jacks.
a person walks forward at a fast pace
a person squats and raises their arms to the side.
a person walks forward and turns to the left.
a person is walking around while swinging his arms.
a person picks something up and tilts it over before setting it back down.
a person raises their hands up and down
a person walks in a circle clockwise.
a person raises their right hand and waves.
the man stands still and then lifts his right hand up
a person swings their right arm in a circle, then their left arm in the opposite direction, before bringing both arms to their chest.
the person was pushed from the right.
a person is making gestures with their hands and arms while walking around.
a person reaches down and picks something up, then they use that item to wash something.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person is practicing a dance
a person walks forward and picks up something, then walks back and pick something up again.
a person lowers both arms from being straight out.
a person moves their right hand in a random jittery pattern.
a person is looking around with their head and eyes.
a person is waving his arms and then puts his arms up and down
a person walks forward, leans down, and picks up something, then turns around and walks back to where they started.
a person throws a punch with his right arm.
a person walks upstairs.
a person runs in place and then starts to jog in place.
a person swings their left arm in a wide circle, then swings both arms in wide circles, then stops.
a person is waving to someone.
a person walks forward with their right arm slightly raised
a person is crouching down.
a person walks in place.
a person is doing questionable motions with their hands.
a person is walking forward slowly.
a person steps forward, turns to the left and lifts both arms out.
a person kneels down with their legs crossed and then stands back up.
a person walks forward slowly
a person is doing jumping jacks.
a person throws a football with their right hand.
a person throws something to their right with their right hand.
a person walks in a loop fashion, starting with his right foot and walking in a clockwise circle.
a person swings their arms back and then jumps forward.
a person bends over and moves his right arm to his left.
a person holds their head with their right hand.
a person jumps to the right and ducks
a person walks forward while slightly sliding to their right and back.
a person walks back then sits down and then stands back up.
the person is looking around with his head and shoulders.
a person walks in a circle.
a person walks forward, walks back, then walks up something.
a person steps right leg first then left leg.
a person jumps forward and stops.
a person waves their right hand around and then waves their left hand around.
the person is walking in a circle.
a person bends down and touches the ground with their hands.
a person walks forward in a curved line, stopping in a standing position.
a person stretches both hands forward.
a person holds something in front of their face and looks around
the person ducks under something.
a person reaches forward with his right hand, then reaches down with his left hand.
a person stomps with his right foot.
a person leans down and then looks around.
a person is clapping their hands.
a person standing up, raises both hands, stretching upwards.
the person is throwing a ball.
a person raises both arms up in the air, and then motions to someone to come over
a person is walking forward and then gets pushed to the right, regaining composure and stepping back.
a person sits down and then gets back up
a person holds a ball and walks in a circle.
a person walks forward and then to their right.
a person is standing, puts his hands up to block something, then moves back and dodges something.
a person steps forward and makes a throwing motion with their right hand.
a person standing with arms out to the side drops their arms, then raises both hands to the middle of their chest, then lowers their hands back down to their sides.
a person walks to their right, then to their left, then back to the right.
a person lifts both arms out to their sides, lowers them, then lifts them again.
the person is walking in place.
a person sits down and moves their hands around.
a person bends forward at the waist and then moves hips in a circle
a person is jogging in place, then starts to jog forward.
a person is sitting on a chair and leans back.
a man laying on the ground stands up.
the man takes 5 steps forward.
a person walks forward, picks something up with his right hand, then walks backwards.
a person has both arms raised shoulder length apart then drops them to their side.
a person walks forward at a medium pace.
a person walks forward, picks up something with their right hand, and pours it into a container.
a person moves his right leg around while standing.
a person balancing on their right leg and kicking their left leg about.
a person takes a quick step to the right.
a person is stretching and kicking.
a person is moving around his arms and body
the person is cleaning up the floor.
a person sits down on a chair and then gets back up.
a person steps back, drops to their knees and crawls forward on their hands and knees, then returns to a standing position.
the person is waving his right hand.
a person jogs forward and stops.
a person walks in a circle clockwise
the person is backing up walking.
a person walks forward and then turns around and walks back.
a person is walking side to side
a person raises their arms, then lifts their right leg and moves it around.
a person lifts their arms in a flexing motion.
a person reaches up with his right hand, then lowers it.
a person walks forward and grabs something with both hands, then moves it to the side.
a person holds his left hand up to his face.
the man is lifting something over his head.
a person is holding a golf club and hitting a golf ball.
a person squatting down.
a person leans forward and makes a gesture with their hands.
the person is cleaning windows.
a person sits down on a chair.
a person runs forward, stops, then runs forward again.
a person jumps in the air and turns around.
a person walks and turns to their right
the person grabs something and then puts it down
the man is greeting with his right hand.
a person is swinging a leg and then pushes it back.
a person is jogging in place.
a person stands still.
a person is walking, and then is pushed to the right.
a person walks in a curve to their left.
a person runs forward fast.
a person is moving their right leg around.
a person raises their right hand up to their face.
the man is waving his right hand.
a person lifts an object with both hands and turns to the left.
a person kicks something with their left foot.
a person walks in place.
a person swings a golf club.
a person runs backwards in a curved line.
a person walks forward and stops.
the person is waving with his left hand.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person is bent down looking around
a person walks forward, turns around and walks back.
a person walks forward slowly with their arms out.
a person picks up something on the left side and moves it to the right.
a person walks backwards slowly.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person walks forward, bends over, wipes something, then turns around and repeats the action.
a person runs forward and ducks under something.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person walks forward, then turns around and walks back up the stairs.
the person walks forward, then is pushed back, then continues to walk forward.
a person jumps in place, then stops
a person walks forward while holding a rail with their left hand.
the man is walking forward.
the person is walking around in a sexy way.
a person is standing, then kicks with their right foot, then returns to a standing position.
a person walks up and then down the stairs.
a person raises their hands above their head, lowers them, then raises them again.
the man is walking around.
a person walks in a circle.
a person walks to the right.
a person walks in a quarter circle counterclockwise.
a person walks forward slowly, with both hands out to their sides for balance.
a person bends over, reaches out with both hands and picks up something heavy, then stands up and uses the item to hammer a nail into a wall.
a person steps forward, kicks something with their right foot, then steps back.
a person walks forward, then turns around and walks back.
a person is folding their arms
a person is doing squats.
the man does jumping jacks.
the person is moving something with his right hand.
a person is standing with their arms in front of them and moves their hands.
a person waves with his right hand.
a person raises their hands to the right, then left, then raises both hands as if to hit someone or something.
a person walks in a circle counterclockwise
a person stretches both arms up, then moves them to the side, then bends them forward, then extends them back up
a person raises their left arm and waves continuously.
the person kicks something with his left foot.
a person is holding something in their right hand, while they touch something with their left hand, and then proceed to use both hands.
a person walks forward, picks something up, and then walks back.
a person walks forward then turns around then walks back.
the man walks in a curve to the left.
a person picks something up from their right side with their left hand and then uses it on something on their left side.
a person walks in a circle counterclockwise.
a person is sitting down with their hands near their face.
the person is running around in circles.
a person spins around while moving their arms.
a person spins around, swinging their right arm.
a person stands with his hands on his head, then squats down.
a person stands up from a sitting position.
a person is playing tennis
a person walks in a curve to their left.
a person sits down and moves their hands.
the person walks backwards then turns around and walks back.
a person does a small hop into the air.
a person is dancing with their partner.
a person spins around, walks forward, then walks backwards
the person is in a fighting stance.
a person is throwing with their left hand.
a person raises both arms above their head, lowers them, then raises their left arm and lowers it.
a person is standing with his hands out in front of him.
a person is standing, then sways from side to side, then moves both arms in a circle.
a person raises their right hand, bends their elbow and then raises it again.
a person bends forward at the waist.
a person sits down and puts his hands on his knees.
a person raises their arms and waves them around.
a person is dancing a waltz.
a person is standing with their arms at their sides.  they then do a 360 degree counterclockwise spin while kicking their right leg to the side.
a person waves with his right hand
a person reaches down to the left with both hands and grabs something, then reaches down with both hand to the right and grabbed something.
a person runs forward in a diagonal line.
a person kicks with their right foot.
the person is acting like a human dinosaur.
a person in a push up position.
a person is doing an over head press.
the man walks forward, then turns around and walks back.
the person is walking towards the left.
a person lifts an object on their left side to the right side
a person is walking in a loop.
a person reaches down to pick up something, then turns to the right, walks a step and turns to face left, then brings their hand up to their mouth as if they are drinking something.
a person gets down on his knees.
a person is walking around, swinging his arms.
the person is walking around and then walking around again.
the person is walking forward.
a person is doing a dance.
a person crawls across the floor on their hands and knees.
the person is standing with his arms straight out to his side, then he lowers his arms and lifts them straight out in front of him, then lowers them again.
a person stands on their right leg, while swaying their left leg from side to side.
a person is walking with their arms out in front of them, in a circle.
a person walks forward and then back.
a person walks forward, then takes a step to the right and walks back to the left.
the person is walking forward slowly.
a person walks backwards and sits down on a stool.
the man is walking forward.
the man is walking forward.
the person walks backwards then runs forward and turns around and stops.
a person jogs in place.
a person is doing some kind of gestures with their left hand and then moves both hands in a circular motion.
a person walks forward, then stops and continues to walk forward.
a person is looking around.
the person is walking forward.
a person raises his arms above his head and then climbs up onto something.
a person is waving both hands.
a person is jumping around.
a person reaches down with their left hand, then walks forward.
a person bounces between their left and right legs
a person does a side to side movement with their arms moving in sync.
a person is wiping something in circular motion.
the man walks forward, stops and then starts again.
a person is jogging in place.
a person standing up, raises their left hand and waves it back and forth.
a person is walking and then bends over to pick something up
a person walks forward.
the person sits down then gets back up to walk over and sit back down again.
the person is walking backwards.
a person standing up and then lifting their right hand to their chest and then back down.
a person bends over and picks up an object with their left hand.
a person is sitting down.
a person is holding something with both hands and then rings a doorbell.
a person is sitting down and raising their hand.
a person jogs in place.
a person drops their arms from being straight out to their side, claps both hands together, then walks forward and sits down.
a person is waving their hands around
a person is standing with their right hand outstretched, then puts their hand down.
a person is jumping up and down with their arms out.
a person walks in a counter clockwise circle.
a person is walking over to grab something with their left hand and then turns around and uses it on something.
a person stands up from a kneeling position and stumbles.
a person moves their left hand forward and back in front of them.
a person lifts something up with both hands
a person takes two steps forward and then puts their hands on their knees.
a person jumps up and down, before bending over and moving from side to side.
a person bends over and then stands up, then steps back.
a person is standing and moving their arms around.
a person is waving with his left hand.
a person is making a motion like he is digging a hole.
a person throws something with their left hand.
a person holds their arms out and turns around.
a person hops on his left foot, then hops with both feet.
a person runs forward and jumps.
a person holds their arms up and then hits something with their left hand.
a person is pretending to be an elephant
a person is walking around with their hands out, looking around.
the person is walking down stairs.
a person stands still while raising their left hand and waving it.
a person jumps in a 180 degree circle.
a person bends his knees and jumps up and down three times.
a person does over head presses with dumbbells
a person stands with both arms at his sides, then tilts his head and upper body to the right.
a person walks forward, turns around and walks back.
a person leans to the right and then leans back to the left.
a person is walking forward.
the person is getting down on the floor.
a person walks up stairs while holding on to the handrail.
the man is pushed to the right.
the person is walking forward.
a person is pouring something with their left hand.
the person is walking around acting like a human dinosaur.
a person throws something with both hands, and then raises both hands to catch it.
a person is sitting on a balance beam.
the person is clapping.
a person walks forward and turns to the left.
a person walks in a circle counterclockwise.
a person walks forward quickly.
a person stands still then moves their right arm in a half circle motion.
a person standing, lifting weights with both hands.
a person is waving their left hand in the air
a person picks up something with his left hand and turns around and uses that item on something.
a person slowly walks forward while holding their hands in front of them.
a person runs in place.
a person kicks a ball forward.
a person walks slowly and carefully to the right.
a person walks backwards in a straight line
a person holds their hands up while sitting on a swivel chair.
a person moves both hands in front of their chest.
the person is punching the air with their left hand.
a person walks in a circle counterclockwise
a person jumps forward and then turns around
a person on their hands and knees gets up.
a person lifts an object from their right side and places it on their left side.
a person picks up an object and moves it to their right.
a person squats down and then stands back up.
a person does jumping jacks.
a person stands still while looking around with his head and eyes.
a person is standing still, but is moving their arms up and down.
a person steps down from something.
a person is waving their hand.
a person standing with their arms out to the side, drops their arms and then raises them back up again.
a person is making a gesture
the person is throwing something.
a person stands with their feet wide apart and lifts their arms above their head, they then rotate their arms in a circle and lower their arms, the person then walks forward and makes a half turn to the right and stops.
a person scratches their head with their left hand.
a person walks forward, then walks backwards.
a person walks forward and then turns around and walks back.
a person is walking backwards then forward then backwards again.
a person stands with arms raised, then moves their arms inward.
a person walks forward, turns around and raises their left hand.
a person holds something in their left hand, brings it to their face, and then raises their right hand to their head.
a person walks to the left, turns around and walks back to the right.
a person holds their hands above their head and bends over, then walks backwards and swings their arms.
the person walks forward then bends down.
a person standing with feet wide apart and hands out to the side, sways their hips from side to side.
a person walks forward and then moves to the left.
a person is pushed from the right and stumbles.
a person sitting on the floor with their hands on their knees.
a person walks in a circle.
a person raises both of their hands above their head and then lowers them back down.
a person reaches up with their left hand and scratches their head.
a person is making a scrubbing motion with their right hand.
a person stands with feet shoulder width apart and with arms outstretched. the person bends forward at the waist and moves right and left.
the person is moving around.
a person is moving from side to side
a person jumps forward, walks forward, and then does a low jump forward.
the person is doing a dance move.
a person is pushed from the right side.
a person raises their left hand and waves.
a person stands on left leg while lifting the left leg and then kicks right leg out and to the side.
a person raises their left hand to their face, then both hands are raised, then they bring both hands down to their sides.
a person raises their left hand above their head, then lowers it.
a person moves his hands around and then puts them down.
a person raises both arms out to their sides, then raises their right arm, then returns both arms to their original position.
a person holds their left hand up to their head and waves it back and forth.
a person lifts something up and puts it down.
a person throws something with their left hand.
a person raises both hands, as if to catch an object, then turns around, and walks away.
a person side steps to the left then side steps back to the right.
a person walks forward and lifts something heavy with both hands.
a person walks forward while holding a hand rail with his left hand.
a person does a squat.
the person is moving something with his right hand.
a person is flexing his left arm.
a person is walking forward, turns around, and walks back.
a person is standing with their feet shoulder width apart and their arms at their side. they then bring their arms down to their side and make a small circle with their left hand.
a person kicks something with their left foot.
a person is doing a rubix cube
a person walks forward quickly.
a person walks forward and then uses both of their hands to make a gesture.
a person is strumming a guitar.
a person walks in a clockwise circle, then stops.
a person is standing still and appears to be holding a microphone.
a person walks forward, then turns around and walks back.
a person stands with their arms straight out to their side, lowers their arms, claps both hands together, walks forward, turns around, then sits down on an unseen surface, their torso straightening as they lower themselves.
a person sitting down with both arms in the air.
a person walks in a circle
a person walks forward and stops.
a person jumps up in the air and turns around.
a person jumps in the air and then stops.
a person walks forward and leans over to pick something up.
a person walks forward then turns around and walks back.
a person is standing still, then sways slightly to the left, then back to the right.
a person stands with his feet wide apart and his arms raised.
a person walks in a quarter circle counterclockwise.
a person throws something with their left hand.
the person is doing a handshake.
the person is drinking out of a bottle.
a person running forward very quickly
a person walks forward then turns around and walks back.
a person sidesteps left and then right.
a person is throwing a football
a person does a small hop in the air.
a person is walking up the stairs.
a person is kicking the air in a martial arts routine.
a person moves their arms and hands.
a person walks sideways to the left and then sideways back to the right.
a person raises both of their hands above their head, and then lowers them.
a person is standing, waving their arms around, and then waves to the side with their hand.
a person moves their left arm back and forward while shifting their weight to the right.
a person walks forward, bends over and touches something, then walks back.
the person is cleaning windows.
a person is jumping sideways to their left.
a person is bending down to putt something away
a person is sitting down, then stands up to stretch their left leg, then puts their left arm on their head.
a person does jumping jacks.
a person steps forward, then turns to their right, and then takes a step forward.
a person is laying on their back, then pushes up with their arms and legs to stand up, then kicks their right leg to the right and starts to walk away.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person throws a right hook
a person walks forward and turns around in a counter clockwise circle and walks back to their original position.
a person jumps, walks forward, then stops.
a person sits down with legs crossed and hands on knees.
the person is making a pouring motion.
a person picks something up with both hands and then puts it down.
a person jumps forward and stops.
a person walks forward slowly and carefully.
a person side steps to their left then side steps back to their right.
a person holds their left arm out, lowers it, then raises both arms out to their sides and lowers them.
a person sits down on the ground, then stands back up.
a person walks forward, turns around and walks back.
the person is throwing something with both arms.
a person walks forward at a normal pace
a person walks backwards slowly in a straight line
a person is shaking their hips side to side.
a person is jumping rope and then hopping on their left foot
a person jumps up and then moves to the side
a person raises their right arm and then lowers it.
a person walks forward, turns around and walks back.
a person walks forward, picks something up, turns around, then walks back and raises their left hand as if to knock.
a person slowly punches the air with their left hand.
a person is sitting on the ground and moving his hands in a circular motion
a person steps back with their left leg.
a person does a jumping jack and kicks to the left.
a person is moving around his left arm
a person holding something with both hands raises their left hand, brings it to their head, then lowers both hands, turns to the right, and repeats the motion.
a person takes a jump forward.
a person sits down with legs crossed.
a person walks forward slowly and carefully
a person holds their hands up and makes small steps back and forth.
a person walks forward, then stops and does a russian dance.
a person crosses their arms and then punches forward.
a person slowly walks forward, holding onto something.
the person is folding his arms.
a person is holding something in front of them and then they start moving it around.
a person bends at the right arm
a person raises their left hand to their face and then puts it back down.
a person stands with legs apart and bent and their hands are in front of them.
the person is walking forward then back.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person is standing with his hands at his sides, and then runs in a semi-circle clockwise direction.
a person walks in a straight line, turns around and walks back.
a person does jumping jacks.
the person is throwing something.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person standing up straight, crossing and uncrossing their arms.
a person picks up something and puts it to the right.
the man is shaking his left foot.
a person is swimming the butterfly.
a person walks forward in a straight line.
a person is jogging forward.
a person throwing something with their right arm
a person throws a ball with their left hand.
a person raises their hands to their face and holds them there for a moment.
a person is doing a dance.
a person raises and lowers their arms to the sides.
a person walks forward and then turns around and walks back.
a person creeps forward while balancing with their hands out.
a person throws a ball with their right hand.
a person walks forward then turns around and walks back.
a man stands with his arms out, then lowers them, and sits down.
a person is holding both of their hands together and then raises their right hand up to their chest.
a person standing up and looking around.
a person walks forward and places their right hand on an object.
the man stands with his feet wide apart and his legs bent at the knees.
a person walks forward in a slow, staggering fashion.
a person walks forward, stops, then uses their left hand to reach out and touch something.
a person walks forward and sits down with their hands on their lap.
a person is holding their hands up to their face.
a person marches forward in a straight line
the person is throwing with both hands.
a person walks forward, then turns around and walks back.
a person sits down on the floor, cross-legged, and then stands back up.
the person is doing a right kick.
a person throws a roundhouse punch with their right arm.
a person walks forward, turns to the left, then turns to their right and walks backwards, then walks forwards again.
a person is standing up from a squat.
the person walks backwards, and then grabs something with both hands.
the person is swinging both arms.
a person walks forward and takes a small hop.
a person standing with his arms outstretched and lowers them.
a person walks forward slowly and then stops.
a person walks in a curve to their left
a person is punching with their left hand
a person is standing with their arms out at shoulder level, then they lower their arms and hold both hands in front of their face.
the person is waving with his right hand.
a person walks forward and to the left.
a person is walking in a circle
a person walks forward, turns to the right and looks to the left and right.
a person walks forward and sits down.
a person walks forward, and kicks something with their left foot.
a person folds their arms.
the person is stretching with both arms up.
the person is walking forward.
a person in a squat position with both hands up
a person walks forward and almost trips.
the person is walking forward.
the person runs up to someone and pushes them.
the person is walking forward and then turns around and continues walking.
a person walks forward and does a cartwheel.
a person throws something with their left hand.
a person walks forward and then bends down to pick something up.
a person is doing a dance.
the person is doing side kicks.
a person is waving with their left hand
a person standing and fold his arms
the person is picking up something and moving it.
a person raises their left hand to their face.
the person is doing a warm up with their right arm.
a person turns around and walks forward.
a person is punching in the air
a person stands still for a while, then waves with his right hand.
a person is cleaning windows.
a person performs a handstand and then stands back up.
the person is jogging in a circle
a person is standing and turns to the right and then sits down on an imaginary object.
the person is walking forward.
a person runs forward and ducks under something.
the person is walking forward.
the person is walking forward doing a ballet dance.
the person is lifting a dumbbell with his right arm.
a person bends their knees and jumps forward.
a person reaches up with both hands, as if reaching for something above them.
a person raises their left arm and moves their hand up and down in front of their face.
a person walks to the left, then to the right, then back to the center.
the person is getting ready to throw a baseball.
a person bounces in place
a person is walking forward at a normal pace
a person is kicking and moving.
a person standing still raises both hands.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person picks up an item with his right hand, turns and uses the item.
a person walks forward and takes a big step over something.
a person walks in a clockwise circle while swinging their arms.
the person is walking towards the right.
a person throws something with their right hand.
a person standing up and shaking their left foot.
a person jumps on the spot, before hopping to their left, and then hopping backwards to where they started
a person is walking backwards and then forwards.
a person raises and lowers their right hand, then lifts their left hand to their head.
a person is standing, then waves with their left hand.
a person takes two steps forward, then sits down.
a person lifts his left arm up to shoulder level, then lowers it and moves his left hand in a random jerky spasms.
the person is picking something up.
the person is walking down the stairs.
a person is doing a warm up routine
a person walks in a figure 8.
a person is walking up the stairs.
a person stretches their arms out and rotates their wrists.
a person is standing with their arms out, then puts them down and motions hips in a circle, then kicks right leg to the right and kicks left leg to left and then motions right hand in a circular motion
a person is waving their hand and then moves their hands to a different position.
a person is jumping rope.
a person sitting and making a phone call
a person walks in a circle clockwise.
the person is doing arm circles.
a person walks in a counter-clockwise circle.
a person walks forward and holds on to something with their right hand.
a person is doing exercise movements.
a person walks forward and turns around.
a person walks around in a circle
the person walks backwards slowly.
a person walks forward while holding on to something with their right hand.
the person is running straight ahead.
a person grabbing something and putting it down.
the person is walking forward.
a person warms up their left arm first, then their right arm.
a person slowly moves backwards then forward.
a person walks forward, then turns to the right and waves with his left hand, then walks back and turns to his right again.
a person standing still for a bit then tilting their head to the right.
a person walks backwards in a straight line
the person is walking around.
the person is greeting someone.
a person lowers their arms and then raises them again to do arm exercises.
a person is lifting weights with both hands.
a person picks something up on their right side and moves it to their left.
a person walks forward, gets pushed from the left, but recovers and continues walking.
a person sits on the ground, pulls out a phone, answers the phone and puts it to their head.
a person walks forward then turns around.
a person walks in a counter clockwise circle.
a person is standing still, then sways to the right and the left, then puts their right hand on something.
a person turns around and looks behind them
a person lifts up and down with their hands.
a person is side stepping to the right.
a person walks forward while holding on to something with his left hand.
a person walks forward, then picks something up with their left hand and places it on a higher surface with their right hand.
a person is in a fighting stance.
a person steps forward, moves their left hand in a waving motion, then turns around to face the opposite direction.
a person puts his left hand to his mouth, then turns and walks away.
a person is crouched down and then stands up.
a person walks in a curve to the right.
a person stands on one leg and kicks the air with the other.
a person jogs in place
a person gets up from a kneeling position, walks in a circle and then sits back down on the floor.
a person bends their knees and then jumps forward.
a person holds their left arm out to the side and swings their right arm forward.
the person is walking forward in a crouched position.
the person sits down on the ground.
a person steps backwards with left leg first, then right leg, then stops.
a person grabs their head with their left hand, their torso twisting slightly as they bring their hand to their face.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person walks forward, picks something up, and then walks backward.
the person is pouring something.
a person walks backwards.
a person walks backwards in a straight line.
a person throws an object with their left hand
a person walks forward and turns to their right.
a person walks in a clockwise circle.
a person walks forward and then stops.
a person is dancing the waltz.
a person runs forward, jumps, then continues to run forward.
a person walks forward and moves their left hand up and down
a person dances the cha-cha.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person picks something up and moves it to their left.
a person walks forward and bends down, then raises their hand to their face and bows forward.
a person raises their left arm and then lowers it.
a person walks forward, turns around and walks back.
a person walks backwards with his right arm extended
a person holds their arms out wide, lowers them and picks something up with their right hand.
the person is holding something with his left hand.
a person walks forward then turns right and walks back
a person walks forward while swaying their arms from side to side.
a person walks forward, sits down, then puts his hands on his knees.
a person is sitting down and then waves with their left hand.
a person is doing jumping jacks.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person walks forward in a line.
a person throws a football and then catches it
a person walks forward and stops.
a person walks in a circular pattern.
a person walks forward and then stops.
a person is looking around with their head.
a person walks forward while holding on to something with their right hand.
a person reaches down and grabs something with their left hand, and then they reach down and grab something with both hands and put it in a drawer
a person is bent over with their hands on their hips and they move their upper body in a slow circle.
a person holds both arms out and turns their upper body to the right and left.
a person walks forward then turns around and walks back.
a person picks something up from the ground with his right hand and holds it with both hands.
the man walks forward and turns around.
the person is jogging in place.
a person lifts weights over their head.
the person is throwing a punch.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person is looking from side to side
a person walks forward at a steady pace.
a person walks slowly with their hands out to the side and turns in a clockwise circle.
the person is kneeling down.
a person walks forward slowly
a person is running forward, then stops.
a person walks counterclockwise in a circle, then walks in a straight line, then starts to walk in a circular motion again.
a person standing still for a few seconds then steps backwards.
a person is walking forward.
a person lifts his left foot and kicks it to the right, then lowers his left arm and throws a punch with his left hand.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person lifts their arms up and then back down.
a person holds both hands up to their face, then lowers their left hand while raising their right, then repeats.
the person was pushed from behind.
a person walks in a circle.
a person walks in a circle
a person walks forward, climbs up and grabs onto something with his left hand, then turns to his left and begins to climb upward.
a person gets on their knees and crawls forward.
a person walks up the stairs while holding on to the railing.
a person is walking side to side
a person picks something up with their left hand and throws it with their right hand.
a person is moving around their upper body.
a person takes a large step to their left.
a person is standing still, then turns to the right and raises both hands to the side.
a person is doing a dance
the person was walking forward.
a person is running around in circles.
a person bends over at the waist, reaching their left hand down to touch the floor, then stands back up.
a person does a roundhouse kick with their right leg
the person is jumping backwards.
a person walks in a circle clockwise
a person is running very fast.
a person walks forward at a normal pace
a person is walking forward.
the person walked back and sat down.
a person lowers their arms and then raises them again.
a person sits down, stretches out their left arm, then stands up.
a person raises their left hand up to chest level and waves.
a person raises their left hand to their head and then brings it back down before bowing forward.
a person reaches up and touches their head with their left hand.
a person leans forward with their hands clasped together and then looks around.
a person turns to the left, and puts both hands in front of their face.
a person walks backwards while waving his arms.
a person stirs something with their right hand.
a person swings both arms in a circular motion.
a person is backing up, then walking backwards.
a person is walking forward and picking up an item
a person stands on the ground, with their left leg slightly bent, and their right leg straight, while their hands are up.
a person walks forward and then is pushed to the left, before regaining composure and continuing to walk forward.
a person walks forward and then spins around on their right foot, then walks back.
a person is moving something.
a person stands still for a few seconds before side stepping to their left.
a person picks up an object from his right side and moves it to his left side.
a person is walking backwards.
a person walks backwards, starting with their right foot.
a person is playing the violin.
a person is running forward.
a person walks forward and then gets in a fighting stance.
a person standing and waving with their left hand
the person is balancing on their right foot.
a person is jabbing with their left arm.
a person walks forward and then turns around.
a person walks forward, turns around and walks back.
a person picks up a sponge with their left hand and washes their car.
a person is holding something in their left hand and lifts it to their face.
a person waves their right arm in a large circle.
the person is making dough with his hands.
a person is standing still, and then moves their left hand up and down in a waving motion.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person is pushed from the right but does not fall.
a person walks in a counter clockwise circle
the person is waving his left hand.
a person is walking and then trips
the person bends over to pick something up with their right hand.
the person is walking around the bend to the left.
the man walks forward with a skip in his step
a person walks forward and raises their left hand, then waves.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person runs in a curved line to the right.
a person raises their arms, lowers their arms and then raises both hands together.
a person walks forward, leans down, reaches out with his right hand, and moves backward.
a person is sitting and moving their left arm
a person is pushed to the side
the person is standing and kicking their left leg around.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person walks to the right while swinging their arms.
a person walks downstairs while holding a handrail.
a person is making a sandwich.
a person is making gestures
a person jumps to the right.
a person stands, then moves their left arm in a circle while bending their knees, then walks forward, and then moves both arms in a circular motion.
the person is walking forward.
a person is standing still.
a person throwing something with their right hand
a person walks forward, turns and walks backwards, raises their left hand and waves, then puts their hand down again.
a person is waving with their left hand.
a person is moving their body around, moving their arms and kicking their legs.
a person walks in a circle
a person does jumping jacks.
a person stands with arms outstretched at shoulder height, drops them, and begins to rotate the left arm in a circle, repeating this action with the right arm.
the person is walking in a circle.
a person is walking straight forward
a person walks in a circle, then turns around and walks back in a semi-circle
a person is standing still, then waves with their left hand, then turns to their left and waves with both hands, then brings both hands up to chest level and waves again.
a person is sitting in place
a person standing up raises their left hand above their head, lowers their hand and then raises it again.
a person jogs in a circle
a person is kneeling down to fix their left shoe.
a person walks forward quickly.
the person is talking on the phone.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person walks forward, bends over and grabs something with their left hand, then walks backward while leaning forward, before bending down again.
the man moves his left hand in a punching motion.
a person is moving their right hand around, possibly washing a wall.
the person is walking forward and then gets pushed to the left.
a person walks forward and turns around
a person walks forward, then turns to their right and walks back.
a person jumps with both hands raised
a person raises both hands to catch something.
a person is pushed from the right side, but does not fall.
a person walks forward.
a person is walking while leaning over.
a person leans forward with right hand to pick up an object, then leans further forward with both hands to pick something else up.
a person walks forward up a step.
a person is pushed forward and stops.
a person walks in a circle
the person is stepping forward.
a person is making a circle with both hands
a person steps forward and to the right, then steps back to the left.
a person jumps sideways to the right.
a person holds their right hand in the air and waves it back and forth.
a person lifts their left arm and scratches their head.
a person walks down stairs forward directally
a person steps forward and raises both hands, with elbows bent.
a person raises their left hand up and down.
a person raises their hands and walks forward, then leans forward, and then moves back.
a person walks forward with their hands raised above their head.
a person walks forward, picks up something with his left hand, and then walks back.
a person jumps up and down with their hands at their side.
a person raises their right hand then lowers it.
the person is punching with their left hand.
a person does a jump and spins around.
a person gets up from a kneeling position.
a person bends down and gets back up.
a person walks in a curve to the left.
a person is bending forward with arms outstretched in front of him, then he raises his arms above his head and leans back.
a person throws an object with their right hand
a person walks forward and stops.
a person walks forward, turns and walks back.
the person is making a sandwich.
a person walks forward at a fast pace
the man moves his left hand upward
a person runs forward while lifting both arms up to the side.
a person stretches their arms forward and upward.
a person is dancing to salsa music.
a person bends their left leg at the knee.
a person is running forward in a curve to the left.
a person walks forward then turns around and walks back.
a person throws a punch with his left hand
a person walks forward, turns to their right, raises their arms, turns around, and walks back.
a person walks in a circle.
a person walks in a clockwise circle while swinging their arms.
a person standing and looking forward raises both arms out to the sides.
a person is lifting weights and moving them around
a person walks towards the right.
the person is doing a dance.
a person is moving their hips in a circle.
a person is waving with their left hand.
a person is sitting, with their left hand raised, then lowers it.
a person walks in a semi-circle, then turns around and continues to walk.
a person picks up an object, turns it on its side, then places it back down.
a person moves both hands in a circular motion.
a person walks forward, bends down and wipes something with their right hand.
a person holding their hands to their face while standing.
the person is pretending to be a chicken.
a person is dancing the waltz.
a person walks forward with their arms at their sides.
the man runs forward and then stops.
the person is pretending to be an elephant.
a person is jumping rope.
a person lifts their left hand up to their face.
the man steps forward and kicks with his left foot.
the person leans forward and picks up something.
a person raises both arms in a circular motion, turns around, and walks away.
a person is standing with bent knees and raises their arms halfway to the sides.
a person walks forward very slowly.
the person walks up a set of stairs.
a person walks forward and then stops.
a person throws something with their right hand.
a person is swaying back and forth
the person sidesteps to the right and then to the left.
a person holds up their hands in a fighting stance and then takes a quick step forward with their left foot.
a person is walking forward and then turns around and walks back.
the person is using a gun.
a person is doing arm stretches.
the person is walking around acting like a human monkey.
a person makes a sandwich
a person sidesteps to the right, then to the left, then back to the center.
a person is standing still, raises their arms and then lowers them.
a person stands still.
a person is walking forward and then kicks something with his right foot.
a person walks backwards slowly.
a person kneeling down.
the person is looking around.
the person was pushed from the right but did not fall.
a person is running to his left.
the person is swimming the fly.
a person sits on the floor, crosses their legs, and makes a circular motion with their arms as if they are paddling a canoe.
a person walks forward, bends over, touches the ground with their right hand, stands up, walks back, and then turns around and walks to the left.
a person is walking forward, turns around and walks back.
a person walks forward and to their right
a person walks forward, turns around and walks back.
a person walks and turns to the right.
a person waves with both hands.
a person standing still, then quickly backing up.
a person swings a baseball with their left arm.
a person swings their left hand around in a wide arc, then swings both hands around.
a person is jogging on a treadmill.
a person walks forward then turns to the left and walks backwards, then turns right and walsk forward again
a person reaches out with both hands and grabs something, then turns to the left and reaches out again.
the person is waving with his left hand.
a person walks forward and then turns around and walks back.
a person side steps to the right and then side steps left.
a person jogs forward, turns around and jogs back.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person walks backwards slowly.
a person is moving his arms and then touches his face with his left hand.
a person is swinging a left hook.
the person is waving with his left hand.
a person runs forward in a straight line
a person walks forward then turns around and walks back.
a person takes a step back.
a person picks something up and sets it to their left.
a person takes a big step to the left.
a person walks forward then turns to their left and continues to walk then turns right hand side.
a person walks forward and turns around and walks back.
a person jumps forward with both feet.
a person walks forward up an elevated surface.
a person bends down and picks up an object with both hands.
a person walks forward, turns around and sits, then gets up and walks back.
a person gets down on their hands and knees and crawls forward.
a person walks forward slowly.
the man is making something.
the man is walking forward.
a person turns to their left.
a person is holding their hands together and then puts their hands down to their side.
a person is doing boxing
a person squats down and lifts their hands
a person walks forward in a straight line.
a person walks forward.
a person stands still for a bit, then moves to the side.
the man is standing and throws something with his left hand.
a person stands with his hands on his knees and then lifts his left hand to his head.
a person walks downstairs while holding a hand rail with their right hand.
a person walks forward in a straight line.
a person is standing and waves his right hand back and forth.
a person walks in a clockwise circle.
a person walks forward, turns around, then walks back
a person is doing jumping jacks.
a person is jumping around acting like a monkey.
a person walks forward with their arms extended and parallel to the ground.
a person steps forward and swings their right arm forward.
a person bends forward, stretching their arms out in front of them and moving them up and down while their body rocks back and forth.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person walks forward, stops, then does a push recovery stand.
a person walks forward and to the right, then bends down and walks backward and to their left.
a person is moving his right leg.
a person picks up an object and places it down
a person gets down on all fours and crawls across the floor.
a person is standing still then claps both hands together.
a person drops his arms and claps with his hands.
a person walks forward quickly.
a person runs forward in a straight line.
the person was pushed from the left but did not fall.
a person running forward and then jumping up in the air and then running back.
a person grabs something and then walks to the side.
a person climbs up onto a surface and then reaches down.
a person stands in place, then turns to the right and brings their right arm up to their mouth, then they bring their arm back down.
a person runs in a straight line.
a person is standing, then turns to their right and picks something up.
a person is acting like a human dinosaur
a person walks backwards in a straight line
a person is walking when he trips
a person does jumping jacks.
a person puts their left arm out in front of them.
a person is squatting with both hands up.
the person is waving his hand back and forth.
a person walks down stairs.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle
a person walks forward while moving his left hand as if he is holding a phone, then turns around and walks back.
a person leans back with their hands to their sides.
a person does a throwing motion with both arms.
a person walks forward fast.
a person runs in a circle counterclockwise.
a person walks forward and then turns around and picks up something with their left hand.
a person slowly walks forward.
a person raises their arms and moves them in a circular motion, then steps backward and moves in a circle.
the person is kicking the soccer ball.
a person gets down on their hands and knees and crawls forward, then turns around and crawl back.
a person walks in a circle
the person is doing the cha-cha dance.
a person is pushed from the right but does not fall.
a person is moving around.
a person makes a drink with both hands.
the person is walking forward.
a person walks forward, then turns around and walks back, then sits down.
a person doing a small hop and then jumping rope.
a person walks forward, stops and then continues walking.
a person is walking forward.
a person walks forward and then sits down.
a person walks forward while balancing, using their arms for balance.
a person sits down and cross-leg fashion and then stands back up.
a person jumps while raising their arms.
a person walks in a clockwise circle.
a person sits down and cross-legged fashion and then stands back up.
a person walks forward, stops, then bends down, walks forwards, stops and then walks in a curve to the left
a person walks forward and turns around then walks back and turns right hand over palm up.
a person is walking forward.
a person crouches down and walks forward in a circle.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person on the floor with arms and legs spread wide apart, moving them around.
a person slowly walks in a circle, and then walks back, placing their left hand on their left knee.
a person walks forward.
a person takes a large step to their left.
the person is holding hands and then raises arms out to the side.
a person is practicing karate.
the person is walking straight ahead.
a person walks forward and then leans over with their left hand on something and their right hand touching it.
a person walks forward fast.
a person grabs something with their left hand and uses it to wipe something off.
a person standing and then moving their left hand.
a person sidesteps to the right and then to the left.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person walks in a circle
a person takes a step forward, then gets pushed backwards to the left, regains composure and continues walking forward.
a person does a jumping jack.
a person is standing, stretching their left arm out in front of them, while their right arm is bent and extended to the right, then they straighten out their right hand and arm.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person side steps to the left and then side steps back to the right.
a person lifts both arms to the side, and then turns to their left, and grabs something with both hands.
the person is jogging in place.
a person walks forward, turns to the right and steps up onto something, then turns around and steps down, then walks back to where they started.
a person is holding something in front of their face.
a person walks forward, picks up an object, turns around and sets the object down.
a person is standing and then sways from side to side.
a person is doing arm circles
a person gets down on all fours and crawls forward.
a person walks forward while using his hands to balance.
a person picks up something and moves it to the right.
a person walks forward and to their left.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person picks up something with his right hand, and then turns around.
a person is crouched down.
a person stands up from a kneeling position with their left hand.
a person running forward at a quick pace.
a person turns to the left, reaches out and picks something up.
a person lifts something with both hands and sets it down to their right.
a person is holding an object with both hands, and then puts it down, then turns around and picks up another object with the same hands, then brings it back and sets it down.
a person is standing still, then they clap their hands together.
the man raises his hands and returns them to his sides, raises them again and returns, then raises both hands to his face and returns to a normal stance.
a person is moving his hands around.
a person walks forward, turns around and walks back.
a person is jumping and doing cartwheels.
a person walks forward, then turns around and walks back.
the person is dancing the cha-cha.
a person walks in a circle
a person walks forward at a normal pace.
a person is standing with his arms up in a fighting stance and he throws a left kick.
the person is standing and stretching his left arm upward.
a person side skips from left to right
a person walks forward then stops and starts walking again
the person is folding arms and then puts them down.
a person is punching with his left hand.
a person walks forward, stops, and then moves to the right
the person is doing a dance
a person is walking forward, then turns around and runs back.
a person is bending down to pick up things
the person is making a dog.
a person picks something up on their left side and moves it to their right side.
a person is walking down a ramp.
a person is doing upper body stretches.
a person walks forward quickly
a person raises their right arm above their head.
a person jogs forward.
a person is standing still, then gets up and walks.
a person is sitting on the floor, with their hands up, possibly praying or thinking.
a person is standing and then sits down in a chair.
a person slowly sits down.
the person is doing jumping jacks.
a person walks forward in a straight line.
a person who seems to be drinking something
a person standing still raises both arms to the side of their head.
a person jogs forward.
a person bends at the knees and then jumps upwards.
a person walks forward and back.
a person is bent over, then stands up and walks forward.
a person is doing warm-up stretches
a person walks forward in a straight line.
a person is drinking something.
the man is sitting and turning something.
the person is rubbing their hands together to warm up
a person gets down on their hands and knees and crawls around.
a person walks forward with their left arm out.
a person is holding something up to his face with his right hand.
a person walks forward, turns around, walks back and turns around again.
a person walks forward and turns around and walks back.
a person walks backwards, then forward, then backwards, and then walks in a circle.
a person walks forward, then turns to their left side and walks back and forth.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person raises their arms to the side then puts them down.
a person raises their arms and does a throwing motion.
the person is walking very slowly.
a person scratches their head with their left hand.
a person grabs something with their left hand and lifts it up to their face, then lowers their hand, then repeats the motion with their right hand.
a person walks forward, stumbles to their left and recovers, then continues walking forward.
a person throws an object with their right hand.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person is doing a slow punch with the right arm.
a person appears to be washing a dog
the person is looking through binoculars.
a person steps forward and then makes a gesture with their left hand.
a person is standing on one foot.
a person lifts their left hand up to their face and then back down.
the person is walking like a human penguin.
a person walks forward.
a person runs forward and then stops.
a person walks forward and side steps back and forth
a person steps back and walks backwards.
a person slowly walked forward
a person throws an object with their right hand.
a person squats down and then jumps up
the person is walking forward and takes a big step.
a person is jogging in place.
a person jumps to their right.
a person is standing and moves both hands up and down
a person walks forward, then turns around and walks back.
the person is moving their upper body.
a person walks forward while placing one foot directly in front of the other.
a person walks forward, turns around, and walks back.
a person is lifting weights.
a person kneels down on his knees.
a person walks forward, stops, then raises their left hand and waves, then continues to walk forward.
a person lifts something up above their head
a person grabs something with both hands and throws it with his right hand.
a person walks forward while swinging his arms.
a person walks forward and to their right.
a person is squatting down with their hands up, then stands up and repeats.
the person is playing the guitar.
the person sits down and puts his arms on his lap.
a person catches something with their left hand and then throws it with their right.
a person sits down, crosses their legs, and then puts their hands on their lap.
a person walks forward, stops, walks backwards, then walks forwards again.
a person is pushed backwards
a person is pouring with their left hand.
the person is looking down.
the person is making gestures like a human dragon.
the person is picking up something with his left hand.
a person walks backwards, then leans forward, then swings around.
a person is dancing the salsa.
a person gets down on their hands and knees and crawls across the ground.
a person walks forward and turns to the left.
a person is lifting a dumbbell with his right arm.
a person raises both hands and waves continuously
the person is doing jumping jacks.
a person reaches forward with their left hand, and then moves their left arm in a circle motion in front of their body, before reaching forward again with their right hand.
the person is getting up from a kneeling position.
a person jumps up and down three times.
a person lowers their arms and then raises them again.
a person reaches down and picks something up on their right side with both hands and sets it down on their left side.
a person walks in a circle
a person is standing still, then they raise their hands above their head and return them to their original position.
a person standing with arms out to the side, bends forward and then begins to take small hops forward, with their arms hanging down.
a person is walking forward slowly.
the person is walking up stairs.
a person is walking very slowly.
a person throws something with their left hand
a person walks forward slowly, while placing one foot directly in front of the other, with their arms outstretched to their sides.
a person throws a punch with his left arm.
the person is doing a side kick.
a person jogs forward at a steady pace.
the person is pouring a drink.
a person crosses their arms and then lowers them
a person lifts a dumbbell with their left hand.
a person walks backwards.
a person turns to their right and raises their right hand to their face.
a person is swinging around their arms.
a person on all fours crawls backwards and stops.
the person is doing jumping jacks.
a person side steps to the right, then side steps left, then takes two side steps right.
a person is walking while holding his arms out
a person is walking on a treadmill.
the person is dancing in the ring.
a person runs in a circle
a person jogs forward at a steady pace.
the man is walking forward.
a person walks forward and then turns around and walks back.
a person walks forward while swinging his arms.
a person walks forward, turns around, sits down, and then stands back up.
the man is lifting weights
a person is washing a window.
a person does jumping jacks.
a person walks backwards in a straight line, then turns around and continues to walk backwards in another straight line.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person walks backwards in a straight line.
a person picks up an object and moves it to their right.
a person raises their arms above their head.
a person takes two steps backward.
a person walks forward then turns around.
a person walks forward and sits down, then makes a motion with their hands.
a person is jogging in place.
a person is standing with their hands by their sides, and then begins to walk forward.
a person raises their left hand up to their face.
the person is kneeling down.
a person is dancing the waltz.
the person is moving his hands around.
a person is waving their hands in front of their face.
a person walks forward, turns around and walks back.
a person stands on their right leg and moves their left leg in a circle
a person runs forward for a bit
the person is waving his arms around.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person lifts both arms up, and down, as if they are lifting weights.
a person walking slowly on a balance beam.
a person is jogging forward.
a person walks backwards, turns around and continues walking backwards.
a person walks forward slowly, then stops.
a person walks forward and then turns around and walks backwards, then begins to walk forward again.
a person standing and waving their hand.
a person takes a step forward, then turns around and kicks something with their left foot.
a person raises their right hand then their left hand
a person walks forward, turns to the right and walks back.
a person throws something with their left hand.
a person walks forward with their right hand up.
a person is lifting a weight with both arms.
a person jogs in a clockwise circle.
a person bends down and crawls forward on his hands and knees.
the person is lifting something from the right side and placing it on the left side.
a person is doing jumping jacks.
the person is mixing something.
a person does a quick jumping jack.
a person is climbing up something while using their hands for balance.
a person stretches their left leg.
a person turns to the right and then turns to his left.
a person crosses and lowers their arms
a person walks forward, picks something up and turns around to walk back.
a person picks up something with their right hand and raises it to their head.
a person is imitating a cat.
a person doing dumb and dumber motions
a person is jumping in place
a person walks backwards slowly.
a person walks to the right while raising their arms and bending at the knees.
a person walks backwards in a straight line.
a person is moving their left hand around.
a person walks in a circle counterclockwise.
a person walks forward, spins around and walks back.
a person is standing still then brings their right arm up to their mouth.
a person raises both hands and waves them in a circular motion.
a person lifts his left hand up to his face.
a person lifts their left hand up to waist level then puts it back down.
a person walks forward and side steps to the right.
a person waves their arms around and kicks their left leg back.
a person lifts a dumbbell with their left hand
the person is pretending to be a cat.
the person is doing a hand gesture
a person walks forward and then stops.
a person walks forward, turns to the left, walks back, turns around and walks to the right and then walks in a straight line.
a person is jogging in place.
a person walks in a circle, then begins to walk in a second circle, but then continues to walk straight ahead.
a person takes a step forward then steps back, turns to the right and takes a half-step forward.
a person steps back to the left and sits down.
a person moves their right arm in a circle.
a person raises both hands in front of their face.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person walks backwards, then forward and turns around and waves.
a person walks backwards in a straight line.
a person raises their left hand up and down.
a person walks in a circular motion.
a person stands still then lifts their left hand to their head.
a person lifts their arms out to their sides and then lowers them to their knees.
a person does jumping jacks.
a person rotates their body counter clockwise and then makes several jumping motions in place.
a person is sitting, puts his hands on his thighs and stands up.
a person is standing still for a bit then takes a step back.
the person is walking forward.
a person is standing still, then starts to swing their arms back and forth, then lifts their arms up above their head and turns around.
the man walks forward, turns around and runs forward, then turns around again.
a person is swimming.
the person is pouring something into a container.
a person is making a figure eight with their hands.
the man is sitting on the floor.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person on the ground, crawls forward on all fours then stands up.
a person stands up from a sitting position.
a person raises their left hand and then lowers it.
a person reaches up to the left with his right hand.
a person slowly walks up stairs.
a person steps forward, bends over, and then sets something down, before taking several steps back.
a person walks forward, turns around and reaches down with their left hand.
a person is standing, throwing something with his left hand.
a person walks in a large s pattern.
the person is bending down and then bowing forward.
a person grabs something with both hands and lifts it up, tilting their head backward.
a person steps to the side then turns around to the right then turns to the left.
the person is doing a strange dance.
a person is sitting, then turns his hands as if he is driving.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person walks forward, turns around and walks back, and then turns around again.
a person is waving with their right hand.
a person raises their arms from their side, lowers them, then turns to the right.
the person is twirling around.
a person is sitting on a chair, and then stands up and sits back down.
a person swings a leg to the right.
a person walks forward, then turns around and walks back.
a person is swinging a golf putter
a person holds something up to their face.
a person is backing up then turns to their left and continues to walk backwards.
a person is waving with their left hand, then right hand.
a person raises their left hand twice.
a person slowly walks forward
a person is pushed forward and stands still.
a person does jumping jacks.
a person holds their hands in front of their face.
the person is throwing something with his left hand.
the person is dancing in the video joyfully.
a person is jabbing with their right hand
a person walks in a circle.
a person walks in place.
a person walks to the right, then turns around and walks back.
a person walks forward, then turns around and picks something up with their left hand, then walks back and places it on the ground.
a person lifts both arms, lowers them, then kneels down.
the man is running diagonally
the person is washing something with his left hand.
a person raises their hands above their head, stretches their arms out to the side, and then raises them above their shoulders.
a person is imitating an elephant
a person jumps forward from a standstill position.
a person is waving their hand.
a person holds their hands out to the sides at shoulder level, then raises their left leg while balancing on their right leg, and then raisess their right arm while balanced on their left foot.
a person climbs up a set of stairs.
a person walks backwards, then walks forward and to the right, then turns around and walks back.
a person runs forward, drops to the ground and crawls, then stands up.
a person walks in a circle while holding something with both hands.
a person reaches up with their left hand and touches their head.
a person does a cartwheel then stands up straight
a person is sitting on a swivel chair and moving their hands
a person jumps with both hands in the air.
a person waves their hands side to side in front of them
a person is sitting on the ground, throwing something with their left hand.
a person walks forward with head and shoulders slouched.
a person picks something up with their left hand and uses it to wipe something off.
a person waves with their left hand.
a person walks forward, turns around and walks back.
a person is lifting dumbbells over their head.
a person is hitting a baseball with a bat.
a person is moving from side to side
a person crosses and lowers their arms.
a person sits down and cross-legged fashion and then stands up again.
a person is dancing the waltz.
a person walks forward then takes a big leap forward.
a person standing in a t-pose, raises both arms above his head, then moves his right arm in a clockwise motion.
a person walks forward, gets pushed from the right, and continues to walk.
a person is doing arm circles.
a person has his arms straight out and lowers them to his side.
a person steps forward, bends down, picks something up, walks in a circle and then bends back down.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person is wiping something.
a person stretches out their right leg and then balances on their left leg, before stretching their left arm.
a person walks slowly with both arms raised above their head.
a person jumps to the side
a person runs in place, then begins to run forward.
a person walks forward, then turns around and bends down.
a person walks forward while using his right hand to hold onto something.
a person is jumping up and down.
a person walks forward at a quick pace.
a person holds their hands in front of them, lowers their hands, then lifts both hands to the right side and puts them back down.
a person does a hand gesture and then makes a face
a person walks forward and picks up a bowl, then pours its contents into a jar.
a person is standing, then raises their right arm, then places it back down.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person does two twists to their right, then two to their left, and then does a bow to the right.
a person raises both arms.
a person is on their knees, crawling forward.
a person walks forward and to the right.
a person is walking around on all fours.
a person does a pantomime of a dinosaur
a person raises their hands to their face, then lowers them again.
a person holds something with both hands, then raises their right hand to their head.
a person is sitting and moving their left hand around
a person is sitting on a chair, then stands up and puts their hands on their knees.
a person walks backwards then does a handstand and kicks their feet in the air.
a person waves with their right hand, then waves with both hands, then motions something coming towards them, then raises both hands above their head.
a person walks forward, turns around and walks back.
a person is moving something.
a person is walking forward slowly.
the person is waving their left arm around.
a person walks forward, bends over, touches the ground, then stands up, walks back and turns around.
a person is walking backwards and then forwards and then sideways
a person sits down and cross legged fashion and then stands back up.
a person is playing a guitar.
a person stomping with his left foot.
the person is walking in a circle.
a person is waving their left hand, then turns around and continues waving.
the person is walking around.
the person is doing jumping jacks.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person lifts their right arm up and down.
a person holds his arms out to the sides at shoulder level and rotates his torso clockwise.
a person is sitting down on a stool.
a person is acting like a cat.
a person is waving with his left hand.
a person raises their left hand to their head and lowers it again.
the man stands and waves his hands around.
a person reaches down with their left hand, picks up an object, and then moves it to the right side.
a person steps back to sit down.
a person is holding their hands in front of their face in a defensive position.
a person walks forward and then stops.
a person is standing with his hands at his sides and then jumps in place twice.
a person walks forward, stops, then begins walking again.
a person is dancing around.
a person does jumping jacks.
a person is holding someone in a headlock
a person walks forward and to the right.
the person is walking towards the left.
a person is standing with hands on knees, then bends over, then stands back up.
the man steps forward, turns around and moves backwards.
a person walks forward and sits down, then gets back up and walks back.
a person lifts their left arm out to the side and moves it back and forth, then turns their body to the right and does the same thing with their right arm.
a person raises both hands above their head and stretches from side to side.
a person is standing with their feet wide apart and arms up to the side. they then bring their hands to their face.
a person walks forward.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle.
a person moves their left hand in a circular motion.
a person standing still before making the signals for traveling, double-dribble, palming, and something else I don't recognize.
a person is waving with their right hand
a person walks forward and stops.
the person is walking forward and then stopping.
a person drops his arms from being straight out and then kneels down.
a person raises their left hand to their face.
a person stands with their arms and legs spread wide apart.
a person walks slowly in a circle
a person is jogging in place.
the man is waving his arms in a circle.
a person is acting like a cat.
a person is standing with his hands in front of his face, bent at the elbow.
a person has both hands near their mouth, like they are yawning or coughing.
the person is making gestures like he is playing basketball.
a person throws both hands in the air.
a person gets down on both knees and crawls forward.
a person raises both hands and holds them together
a person is doing a guitar playing motion.
the person is doing jumping jacks.
a person is running forward.
a person holds their left hand up to their face, then puts it down.
a person hops on his left foot and then hops right foot
a person swings his left arm then turns around.
a person squats down twice and jogs in place.
a person crosses and uncrosses their hands while standing.
a person is walking forward, trips on something, then continues walking.
the person is swaying.
a person steps to the left and then to the right.
a person stretches arms out and then walks forward and sits on something before moving their left leg.
a person is doing jumping jacks.
a person kicks their left leg to the side
a person jumps up and down with their hands together
the person is wiping something with his right hand.
a person is wiping something
a person is standing and raises their right hand to their head, then lowers it.
a person stands in one place and waves their hands around in front of them, moving their elbows up and down.
the person is moving something.
a person does three stretches to each side.
a person jogs on the spot.
a person is waving with his right hand.
a person walks in a circle while holding an object.
a person is dancing with their hands.
a person is walking around in an unstable manner
a person walks up on a table.
a person walks in a circle.
a person is standing with both arms raised.
a person kicks something with their left foot.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person is doing a dance twirl
a person walks forward and stumbles to their right.
a person walks to the left then turns around and walks back to the right.
a person walks forward, then turns to the left, then walks in a small circle.
the person is punching with his right hand.
a person walks forward.
a person walks in a circle to the right.
a person walks in a circle.
a person raises both arms over their head, then swings them back and forth
a person is doing arm exercises
a person walks forward at a slow pace.
a person is sitting down.
a person is standing still then moves backwards.
a person is moving around with alternating steps from left to right.
the person is posing like a model.
a person is flexing both arms up and down.
a person is standing on his right leg, wiggling his left leg around.
a person jumps up and down twice.
a person is standing still then lifts their left hand to their face, then tilts their head back and brings their left arm to their mouth.
a person stands from a crouched position, walks in a circle, then sits back down in a crunched over position.
a person jogs in place.
the person is jumping on one leg.
a person is walking forward slowly.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person walks forward then sits down on a stool.
a person raises their arms and looks around
a person walks forward while holding a handrail.
a person walks in a circle
a person walks forward, then steps back, then walks to the right, then bends down.
a person takes a large step to the right.
the person is moving something from right to left.
a person runs forward very quickly.
a person walks backwards and then forwards, throws an object with their left hand, then walks back.
the person is side stepping.
a person walks forward very slowly.
a person is walking forward, then turns around and jumps forward, before turning around again.
a person gets down on both knees.
a person is walking forward, stumbles, then continues to walk forward.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person bends forward and extends their arms out in front of them and then brings their arms down and kicks their left leg forward.
a person raises their left hand above their head and then moves it back down.
a person stands and stretches out their right arm, then their left arm, before lifting both arms out to the side.
a person walks forward and then stops.
a person crosses their legs while sitting.
a person walks forward, then turns around and walks back.
a person bends down and picks up something heavy with both hands.
the person walks in a circle with their hands held out.
a person is running back and forth.
the person is bending his arms at the elbow and moving them up and down.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person is moving an object from right to left
a person walks in a circle
a person makes a forward circular motion with both hands, then makes a backward circular motion, then stops
a person is walking forward then stops and turns to the left and continues walking
the person is holding a football with both hands and then throws it.
the person is making something with his hands.
the person is picking up something with his right hand.
a person waves with both hands, stretches both arms forward, and then raises their right arm.
a person runs to the left then to the right then back to the center
a person is walking forward, then jumps, and continues walking forward.
a person runs forward and stops.
a person raises their left hand to their head
a person raises their right hand to their head.
a person is jumping rope.
a person is looking through binoculars.
a person walks forward and then stops.
a person is performing a dance.
a person balances on their left leg and kicks their right leg around.
a person holds their hands together in front of their chest.
a person walks forward and picks something up
a person grabs an object and throws it twice.
the person is holding something in their hands.
a person walks forward then turns around on their right foot to walk back.
a person is holding something with both hands and then raises their hands up to their face.
a person is walking forward very slowly.
a person waves their hand in the air.
a person walks forward, turns around and walks back.
a person is waving their arms around, then moves their arms downward in a straight line, then lifts both hands to their chest and moves them in a circular motion.
a person walks forward, then steps over an obstacle, then continues to walk forward.
a person walks forward and to the right.
a person jumps forward and stops.
a person is making a stir with their left hand.
the person is doing a dance.
a person stands on one leg and rotates the other leg.
a person is standing still, then lifts their left arm out and then returns it to a neutral position.
a person stands still then raises their left hand and waves.
a person is standing with their arms by their sides and turns their head to the right and left.
a person walks in a circle clockwise.
a person is walking forward.
a person catches a football and then throws it back.
a person walks in a clockwise circle.
a person walks forward then turns around and walks back.
the person is laying on the floor and stands up.
a person walks backwards in a dance.
a person walks forward while holding on to something with their right hand.
a person walks to the right then to the left.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person makes a phone call, puts the phone down and makes a gesture.
a person steps forward and to the left.
a person lifts their right arm up and then lowers it.
a person walks forward, then crouches down, and continues to walk forward.
a person standing and holding their head with their hands.
the person is walking in a circle.
a person walks forward, turns around, and walks back.
a person is walking in a curved line.
a person is doing a dance.
a person is standing with their legs spread apart, lifting their right hand and moving it in a circular motion.
a person is jogging in place.
the person is walking forward and picking up something.
a person is walking forward, turns around, and continues walking.
the person is clapping in front of their chest.
a person is shaking hands, then lowers their arms, then shuffles feet.
the person is waving with his left hand.
a person stands still while moving around in a circle, and then bends down and moves around.
a person walks in a straight line, slightly to their left, with a gentle swing of their arms and a steady gait.
a person walks forward, turns around and moves their left arm.
a person walks in a quarter circle to the right.
a person holds their arms up, lowers them, then kneels down on their knees and bends forward.
a person is blocking something coming towards them.
a person crosses their arms and then lowers them to their side.
a person is running forward, then turns to their left.
a person walks forward, then gets pushed from the right side, then quickly walks back forward.
a person kneels down.
the person is walking and swinging his arms.
a person slowly walked forward in right direction
a person jumping up and then spinning around.
a person walks forward, stops and then continues to walk forward.
a person is standing still and then they put their hands on their hips and turn around and look to the right.
a person steps backwards, bends over and crawls forward.
a person stretches to the left and right, then bends over, then stretps to the right and left again.
the person is making a golf putt.
a person is jogging on the spot
a person is walking forward when they suddenly step over something, their torso leaning back to counterbalance.
a person raises their arms to the side, then turns to the right and raises both arms above their head.
a person walks forward and puts their right hand on an object to steady themselves.
a person raises both hands and puts them together as if praying.
a person is holding something in their left hand while they work on it with their right hand.
a person runs forward and stops.
the person is lifting something with both hands.
a person walks in a circle
a person holds their arms out, then puts them down and walks forward.
a person runs forward in a straight line
a person walks forward, gets pushed from behind, and continues walking forward.
a person raises their right arm above their head.
a person dances with their left arm up
a person moves both hands up and down.
a person turns to the right, walks forward, turns around and walks back, then takes a step back.
a person walks forward over a gap.
a person bends down and puts their hands on the ground.
a person picks something up from the ground and sets it on a higher surface.
a person is making a sandwich
a person walks forward very slowly.
a person jumps up and down three times.
a person puts their right hand up to their head.
a person jumps forward and then stops.
a person is sitting down, then stands up.
a person runs forward fast.
a person grabs something on their right side and moves it to their left side.
a person walks forward then turns around and walks back.
a person walks in a loop pattern to the right.
the person was pushed from the right.
a person walks backwards, sits down, then gets up and walks forward.
a person sits down and then stands back up.
a person jogs forward and stops.
a person sits, and then raises their left hand
the person is eating dinner.
the person is running and then turns around and runs again.
the man moves his arms in circular motion
a person walks forward and then turns around and walks back.
a person walks forward and sits down.
a person walks forward, turns around and walks back.
a person throws an object with their right hand, catches an object and then throws it with their left hand.
a person skips in place, then runs in place.
a person walking up and down the stairs.
a person is standing, then kicks with their right foot.
a person is dancing with their left arm up.
a person is clapping his hands.
the person walks forward and then walks around something.
the person is doing a dance move.
a person jumps up and down twice.
a person is throwing with both hands.
a person is kicking with their right foot.
a person throws something with their left hand.
a person is waving their hands up and down.
the person is doing something with his hands.
a person stands from a kneeling position, walks in a circle, and then sits back down on the ground.
a person walks straight forward, then turns around and walks back.
the man walks in a circle to the right.
a person bends over and picks something up.
a person bends over, touches the ground with their left hand, then stands up again.
a person walks forward, stops, then runs forward, stopping again, then walking backwards, stopping, then running forward again.
a person squats with their arms outstretched
a person is standing with his arms on his knees.
a person is making dough with their hands.
a person is pushed from the left and stands still.
a person walks in a circle
the person is standing and then motions hips in a circle
a person stomps their left foot.
a person is walking in a clockwise circle with their hands up.
a person picks up a bar of soap with their left hand and lathers themselves.
a person walks around the bend to the right.
a person walks forward and steps to their left.
the man walks forward, turns around and walks back.
a person lifts something with both hands and moves it to the left.
a person raises both hands and then lowers them.
a person stands with hands in front of their face.
a person is squatted down.
a person walks forward and then to the right.
a person walks backwards, then forwards and kicks something with their left leg.
a person is standing still, but is clapping their hands.
the man is walking forward.
a person steps up and extends their left hand forward.
a person lifts both arms up over their head and then throws something with their right hand.
a person walks backwards and then stops.
a person does a jumping jack.
the person is walking side to side with their hands up.
a person is standing and swaying.
a person jumps up and down with their arms raised.
the person is waving with both hands.
the person is doing a left arm circular motion.
a person walks forward and picks something up with their left hand, turns around and walks back, bends down and pick something up from the ground with their right hand, then walks to the left.
a person is standing on his right leg with his arms out to his sides, then he begins to bounce on his left leg.
a person walks forward.
the person is getting a shower.
a person stumbles forward, then stumbling backward twice.
a person is rubbing their hands together.
a person walks forward, turns to the left, then turns to their right.
a person takes a few steps forward, then trips over something.
the person is walking up and down the stairs.
a person walks while holding a rail
a person runs to the right, turns around and runs back.
a person standing up with their arms by their side, claps their hands together, and then bends down.
a person walks forward at a normal pace.
a person walks in a clockwise circle and then runs in a straight line.
a person is walking quickly forward.
a person does a 360 degree jump in the air.
the person is walking back and forth.
a person walks in a circle, then sits down.
a person dances the macarena.
a person is side stepping right and left.
the person is kicking to the left.
a person walks forward, turns to the left, walks straight, then turns left again.
a person jumps forward with both arms raised
a person walks forward, picks up an object with their left hand, then sets it down in front of them.
a person walks backwards, then runs forward, then walks back.
the person is jogging around the floor.
the person is doing arm exercises.
a person walks forward, then reaches up with their right hand, then waves with their left hand, and finally waves with both hands.
a person takes a step forward, then bends his left leg to sit on his left foot.
a person is marching forward and then turns to the right.
a person walks forward with arms out, trying to balance.
a person walks forward slowly in a crouched position.
a person is standing and swaying.
a person walks forward and turns to the left
a person is walking around.
a person walks in a circle
a person running forward
a person is wiping something in circular motion
a person throws an object with their left hand
a person lifts a drink to their lips and takes a drink.
the person is doing the box step.
a person walks forward while using their right hand on something.
the person is doing arm circles.
the person is punching with his right hand.
the person is looking left to right.
a person jogs forward.
a person is sitting, then turns his left hand upward.
the person was pretending to play the drums.
the man is doing a left arm throw.
a person walks forward, reaches down, turns around and walks back, then reaches down again.
the person walks forward at a fast pace.
a person jumps up and down twice.
a person jumps forward, spins around and lands facing the opposite direction.
a person leans over with their hands on their hips.
a person stands with their left foot forward, then turns to their right, and walks forward.
a person bends forward and then uses their left hand to wipe something.
a person starts running and then starts to jump
a person raises their right hand to their face.
a person throws a punch with their left hand, then a pump fist with their right hand.
a person throws an object with his left hand, catches an object thrown back, then throws it back.
a person stands on one leg, while the other leg is held up and rotated in various positions.
a person raises their left hand to their face then waves their hand.
a person is running in a circle
the man is posing for a picture.
a person walks forward, then turns left, and continues to walk forward.
the man is squatted down and shaking
a person walks forward and then stops.
a person jogs in place.
a person is standing and clapping their hands.
a person walks forward while holding on to something with their right hand.
the man is sitting on a stool.
a person is picking up and moving things
a person is lifting a dumbbell with their right hand.
a person steps forward, bends down, picks something up, and then puts it on a shelf.
a person walks forward, turns around and walks back, and then raises their arms.
a person picks something up with their left hand, and then makes a stirring motion with their right hand.
a person is moving his hands
a person walks backwards, then stops.
a person walks forward then spins around and walks back.
a person is standing in place, then raises both arms out to the sides, then lowers both arms to the side.
a person walks forward, stops, then walks backwards before continuing forward.
the person is doing a dance.
a person runs in place.
a person is acting like a human dinosaur
a person picks something up and sets it to the left.
a person walks up an incline then turns around and walks back down.
a person stands still and then turns to the right.
a person walks in a circle, slowly.
the person is walking forward and then turning around.
a person is holding something in both hands and raising the right hand to the mouth area repeatedly.
a person is moving sideways
a person walks forward, turns around and walks back.
a person walks forward, turns around, walks in the opposite direction and stops.
a person walks in a circle, then walks forward and stands still.
a person limps around with a hurt left leg.
the person is moving both of his arms.
a person walks forward at a quick pace
a person is playing a violin.
the person is strumming a guitar.
a person is doing hand motions
a person raises their right arm.
the man is holding his head.
a person jumps in a half circle
a person walks forward, stops, then walks in a clockwise circle, then stops again.
a person walks forward and then puts their hand to their face.
a person bends their left leg at the knee and then straightens it.
a person picks something up and moves it to the side.
a person jogs to the left, then to the right, then back to the center.
a person is standing still, raises their left hand and moves it from right to left in a smooth motion, then lowers their left arm.
a person jumped in the air and start to jump again
the person kicks with his right leg
a person walks forward, then to the right, then turns to the left, and walks straight.
a person walks forward, turns around and jogs forward, stops, then jogs back to the original spot.
the person is waving with his right hand.
a person moves their left arm up and down in a bending motion.
a person walks forward then stops.
a person is pushed to the right but does not fall.
a person walks in a circle while moving their arms
a person leans down and touches the ground with their left hand.
a person walks forward and then stops.
a person shakes their arms rapidly.
a person raises their left arm and waves.
a person raises his right hand to his head.
a person stands still, then loses balance to the right.
a person stands in a t-pose
a person walks forward and then stops.
a person with his arms out to the side, leans forward and twists his body to the left and throws an object with his left hand.
a person is standing with their arms up.
a person leans to the left, then the right, then leans back to the center.
a person is standing with their legs apart and slightly bent and their arms bent and in front of their body.
a person picks up something and pours it over the left side.
a person holds something up to their face with their left hand.
a person is waving his left hand in the air, then leans forward and extends his left arm.
a person is lifting weights with both arms.
a person sits down on the floor, cross-legged, then stands up, walks in a circle and sits back down cross- legged on the ground.
a person walks forward very slowly.
a person raises their right arm and looks at their watch.
a person is standing still with his hands on his knees.
a person walks forward and to the right.
the person is doing a dance.
a person waves their hand, then jumps up and down, then waves both hands, then steps back, then gestures both hands upward.
a person raises their left hand and waves.
a person raises their left hand to the side, then turns around and waves their hand around in the air.
a person takes a large step to their left.
a person is standing still and then moves backwards.
a person swings their arms back and forth
a person walks slowly in place.
a person raises their hands to their face and then lowers them.
a person running in a diagonal line.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle while swinging their arms.
a person jogs in place.
a person leans forward and then back again.
a person walks forward, then turns around and sits on a chair, then stands back up and walks back.
a person walks forward, turns around, then jumps forward, landing on both feet.
a person picks something up and then uses it to stir something.
a person standing with feet shoulder width apart and arms at their side, crosses their arms and then uncrosses them.
a person does a jumping jack.
a person jogs in place
a person is standing with their right arm straight out and their left arm bent at the elbow.
the person is walking in a circle.
a person is crawling around acting like a monkey.
a person is waving with his right hand.
a person sidesteps to the left, then sidestepping to the right.
a person jogs forward, turns around and jogs back.
a person takes a step forward
the person is stepping to the left.
a person reaches down with their right hand, then stands up, lifting their hands up above their head and squatting down.
a person does a jump and stops
the person is washing a window.
a person is wiping something
a person kneels down and rests their left hand on the floor.
a person does a warm up with their legs
a person is playing the violin.
a person is standing still, then takes two steps backwards and to the left.
a person is standing still and then jumps forward, landing and walking forward.
a person is holding something in their right hand, and they use their left hand to pour it into something in front of them.
a person is standing and then puts their hands up to their face.
a person raises their left arm and then lowers it.
a person moves to the right and holds their hands in front of their face.
a person walks forward and to the left.
a person raises their left arm out, then turns to the right and puts their left hand out.
a person is standing still with their arms at their side and bends slightly forward with their right arm raised.
a person is waving their hands around in the air.
a person is making a motion of picking up a dumbbell
a person is doing elbow warm-ups
a person walks forward and then stops.
a person turns around, and then raises their arms in front of them, then turns back around.
a person is clapping with their hands.
a person stands on their right foot and swings their left foot around.
a person standing on one foot and then switching feet.
the person is not moving.
a person sits on the ground, cross-legged, then stands up.
a person standing in one place, sways from side to side, then lifts their left hand to their face, then brings their right hand to the side of their head, then puts both hands up to their sides.
a person is standing still, then moves to the left.
the man is doing leg stretches
the person is walking around with his arms out.
the person is walking with his hands out.
a person walks forward and takes a big step over something.
a person steps over something.
a person walks forward, gets down on their hands and knees and crawls forward, then turns around and crawl forward, and then stands up and walks back.
a person turns to their left, takes a step and lifts their left hand to their head.
the person is kicking sideways.
a person reaches down with their left hand and picks up an item. they then use that item to clean something with their right hand.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person crosses and lowers their arms.
a person bends down and picks something up with his left hand, then stands up and uses the object on his left side.
a person picks up an object from a horizontal surface and turns to the left, placing the object vertically on another surface.
a person is holding their hands up, then bends over and touches the ground with their hands.
the person is waving his hands around.
the person is walking around in a circle.
a person is walking forward and then stops.
a person walks forward with arms moving at the person's side.
a person standing with his feet shoulder width apart and his hands by his side. he raises his hands shoulder height and makes a half circle with his arms.
a person moves their right leg forward and then back.
a person is waving their arms around.
a person is moving around an object from left to right.
a person walks in a clockwise circle.
a person is sitting down and throws a ball with his left hand.
a person is holding their right arm with their left hand and rocking from side to side.
a person steps back, then sits down in a chair and then stands back up.
a person is standing completely still.
a person walks forward and then stops.
a person throws something with their right hand.
the person is getting down to play leapfrog.
a person walks forward, turns around, and walks back.
a person sitting down with their hands on their lap.
a person walks forward and turns to the right
a person walks in a clockwise circle.
a person walks forward then turns around and walks back.
a person holds something up to their ear.
a person lifts both arms up and then throws an object with their left hand.
a person slowly walks forward in a crouched position.
a person walks forward, turns and walks back then walks in a circle
the person is balancing on their right leg.
a person raises their left hand and then puts it down.
a person steps back and sits on an imaginary stool.
a person lifts their left hand and then waves with it, then puts it back down.
a person is standing with their hands at their sides, and then they begin to mix something.
the person is walking back and forth.
a person walks slowly while holding on to something with their right hand.
a person picks up something and then rubs something on it
a person walks forward while balancing
a person walks forward, reaches down with their right hand, then pours something into a container.
a person squats down with both hands in front of them.
a person raises both hands and brings them back down
the man walks slowly forward with his arms out on both sides.
a person is backing up slowly.
a person stands with legs wide apart and arms held out to the sides. the person then drops their arms to their side and bends forward at the waist.
a person swings both arms forward and jumps forward.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person sits down on the floor with legs crossed, then stands back up.
the person is doing arm circles.
a person does a jumping jack then runs in a small circle.
a person walks forward, takes a large step to avoid something, then continues walking forward.
the person is walking up the stairs.
a person is making dough with his hands.
a person who is sitting on the floor with his legs crossed, gets up, turns 180 degrees and walks in a circle.
a person is hopping and spinning rope
a person walks forward, turns around and walks back.
a person bends over and touches something with their left hand, then stands up straight and takes a step forward.
a person raises their left arm and lowers it, then raises both arms and low
a person does a yoga pose with both arms above their head.
the person is jogging in place.
a person bends over and uses their right hand to wipe something off.
a person is standing still, then claps with both hands, then walks forward, then stops.
a person is making dough with his hands.
a person is standing and then kicks with his right foot.
a person throws something with their left hand
a person walks forward and lifts their right arm.
a person is moving something around.
a person puts their hands together, then lifts their left hand up and over to the right, then puts both hands together again.
the person is walking up on something.
a person is walking forward slowly.
a person lifts his left hand to his face, then lifts both hands to his chest, then lowers both hands.
a person is standing still, then motions hips in a circle, then stretches both arms out, and then motis hips again in a circular motion.
a person drops to his hands and knees and crawls forward, then turns around and crawl forward again.
a person walks forward slowly, then stops.
a person raises both arms above their head and then lowers them.
a person stands still then sways to the right.
a person walks in place
a person is waving their arms and walking around.
a person runs in a clockwise circle and then walks in a counterclockwise circle.
a person throws an object with their right hand.
a person dances joyfully.
a person throws an object with their left hand.
a person walks in a quarter circle to the left.
a person is using both hands to hold something and then raises them to their head.
the man walks forward then stops.
a person walks backwards and then stops.
a person walks forward then turns around and walks back.
a person is moving something with their left hand.
the person is walking slowly.
a person is wiping something with their left hand.
the person is doing a leg stretch.
a person does jumping jacks.
a person swings his arms out in front of him as if hitting a golf ball.
a man sits on a chair and then stands up.
a person is doing cartwheels
a person lowers his arms from being straight out, and then raises them straight out again.
a person walks forward.
a person kicks their left foot out in front of them.
a person raises their arms and moves their hands to the right and then left.
a person walks forward and then stops.
a person walks forward and to their left.
a person standing still raises both hands to catch an object and then lowers both hands.
a person throws a couple of punches, then kicks with his right leg, then throws a roundhouse kick with his left leg.
a person waves their arms in circles.
a person stands with feet shoulder width apart, and then moves them around.
a person walks in a quarter circle to their left.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person walks backwards then forwards then backwards again.
the person is doing jumping jacks.
the person is kneeling down.
a person limps around with a hurt right leg.
a person is walking forward and lifting an object with both hands
the person walks forward and turns to their right side.
a person walks forward, turns around, walks backward, then walks in a circle.
a person is standing in a fighting stance, then he does a side kick with his right leg.
a person is moving an object in front of them.
a person grabs an object and turns to their right to place the object.
a person bends down, picks something up, then throws it up in the air
a person walks in a u shaped path.
a person is standing on their right leg while wiggling their left leg
the person is holding something with both hands.
a person bends forward at the waist, as if being pushed.
a person is dancing the waltz.
a person is sitting down with their arms resting on their legs, then raises their arms to their sides.
a person walks forward, picks something up with their left hand, and then moves their right hand in a circle.
the person is walking forward then jumping and then walking back.
a person side steps to their right, then side steps back to their left and then turns in a circle.
the person is standing there.
a person throws a left hook.
a person walks forward slowly and carefully, swaying their body from side to side in an attempt to maintain balance.
a person is pushed back and to the side.
a person walks forward one step.
a person is bending over making a motion with their left hand, then they stand up and bend over again.
the person is jumping in place.
the person is doing a ballet dance.
a person walks forward then turns to the left and continues walking.
a person walks sideways to their left, then walks in a circle clockwise.
the man walks forward then turns around and runs back.
a person is pushed from behind and stumbles back.
a person walks backwards, spins around, then continues to walk backwards.
a person walks forward and to their right.
a person jogs to the right then to the left then to their original position
a person runs straight forward.
a person walks forward and then spins around in a circle while walking in a counterclockwise circle.
the person is waving with his right hand.
a person side steps to the left, side steps back to the right, side step back to where they started from
a person is dancing with their hands held in front of them.
the person is walking in a circle.
a person is standing with both arms extended to the side.
a person holding an object and then throwing it with their right hand.
a person walks forward and to the right.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person is jumping up and down
a person walks forward while reaching down.
a person lifts weights above their head with both arms.
a person is making a series of random jabbing spots with his left hand.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides bends his knees and jumps forward.
a person crosses their legs and sits down on the floor.
a person lifts both hands up and swings them around.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person steps backwards, crouches down, walks forwards, then stands up.
a person walks slowly with their arms out on both sides.
the person is getting down to play leapfrog.
a person takes a step to the right
a person is doing jumping jacks.
a person is walking forward, bends down, then walks back.
a person throwing something with both arms.
a person walks forward while using a hand rail.
a person squats down with their hands in front of their face
the person is standing and kicks with their left foot.
a person walks forward, then walks back and stops.
a person walks forward, turns around and walks back.
a person raises their left hand to their head.
a person grabbed something with both hands and put it down
a person does a ballet twirl, spins around and then does a pose.
a person waves with their left hand, then their right hand.
a person is side stepping right to left.
a person is waving both of their hands around at chest level.
a person grabs something with both hands, turns to their right and uses the item on something.
a person walks to the left, turns and walks back to the right.
a person throws something upwards with both hands
a person walks in a circle
a person is acting out the nursery rhyme cock robin.
a person standing and waving their left hand around in front of their face.
a person walks forward and wipes something.
a person is drying something with their left hand.
a person is crouching down and then jumping up.
the person is dancing the waltz.
the person is making a phone call with his left hand.
the person is throwing a ball.
a person walks forward and turns around and sits down.
a person is pushed from behind.
a person raises their left hand to their face and then puts it back down.
a person walks forward, then turns around and walks in a circle.
a person walks forward, climbs up something and walks over it.
a person walks forward, turns around and walks back.
a person does a windmill motion with both arms.
a person in a squatting position raises their right hand to their face.
a person is standing still, then swings their right arm across their body, then raises their left arm, and then turns around.
a person jogs in place.
a person bends to their left.
a person standing and then using their left hand to make a random jabbing spots.
a person walks forward, turns around and then walks back.
a person holds their hands up to their face and then lowers them.
a person walks forward, then turns to the left side and walks backwards, then turn to the right side and walk backwards again.
a person walks forward while using their right hand to balance on something
a person slowly walks forward and then stops.
a person crosses their arms and then uncrosses them.
the person is doing a warm-up.
a person lowers both arms, then the left hand moves in a counter clockwise motion in front of the body.
a person throws something with their left hand
a person is doing a dance.
a person bends over and crawls forward on their hands and knees.
the man is doing a dance.
a person walks forward, stops, then bends over.
a person walks forward, then turns around and walks back.
the man is running very fast
a person is walking forward.
a person steps back, walks forward, then walks backwards.
a person is wiping something with his left hand, and after that he walks backwards.
a person raises both arms to the left and waves.
a person picks something up and puts it down
the person is lifting something from the left to the right.
a person stands on the ground and moves legs inward.
a person stands in place with their hands on their hips, then they put their hands to their head, then stretch their arms out, and then put their arms back on their waist.
a person walks forward, bends down, touches something, then walks in a circle.
a person walks forward then stops.
a person walks forward in a straight line.
a person throws a football with his left hand
the person is standing on their left leg with their right leg up, and they are twirling their right foot.
a person walks forward, throws an object with his right hand, then runs forward.
a person walks forward slowly with his arms out.
a person throws an upper cut with their right arm.
a person takes a step backward, then walks forward and bends over.
a person walks forward while using their hands to balance.
a person walks forward and then moves something with his right hand.
a person is waving with their left hand
a person slowly walks forward and then stops.
a person grabs something with both hands and moves it to the right.
a person stands with their legs spread wide apart and their arms raised.
a person is walking back-and-forth between two points.
a person steps forward with their right leg and does a straight punch with their left arm. they then back up into a fighting stance and do a side step to the left and then do a straight jab with their other arm.
a person drops his arms down and then raises them.
a person with their arms out to their sides, drops their arms to their side, and then raises their arms again.
a person lifts both arms out to their sides.
a person walks forward, then stumbles to the left.
the person is running down the plane.
a person walks forward, turns right and walks.
a person walks forward and then turns to their left side and walks in a clockwise circle.
a person walks forward and then bends down.
a person stands in a t-pose
a person stands with their arms straight out, then lowers them to their side.
a person runs in place
a person leans over and picks up something.
the person is brushing his teeth
a person bends over with their hands on their knees.
the person is making a sandwich.
a person laying on the floor gets up and stands.
a person is dancing a waltz.
a person is walking with arms out.
a person throws something with his left hand.
the person is walking with both feet pointed inwards.
a person gets up from a crouched position.
a person swings a golf club.
a person walks forward, bends down, and touches something with their right hand, then turns around and walks away.
the person walks forward and to the left.
a person slowly bends their head to the right and then to the left.
a person is walking in a circle
a person raises their arms up, bends down, and picks up an object from the ground.
a person slowly walks backwards.
a person walks forward at a medium speed
a person takes two steps forward and puts their hands on their hips.
a person runs in a circle, stops, then runs back and forth.
the person is pretending to be a dog.
a person takes a few steps forward, turns to the right, and then turns around and walks back, with their left hand touching their stomach.
a person is standing on their right foot and waving their right hand.
a person walks in a clockwise circle.
a person walks in a clockwise circle.
a person runs and then stops
a person makes dough with his hands.
a person walks slowly forward while holding on to something.
a person picks something up on the left and moves it to the right.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person is wiping something
a person walks and bends right.
the person is walking forward and then turn around and walks back.
the person is doing a violin.
the person is holding something with both hands and then raises their left hand to drink something.
the man walks forward and then turns to his right and continues walking.
a person standing in place with arms and hands extended.
the person is doing a dance.
a person walks in a clockwise circle.
a person does two jumping jacks.
a person lifts their left hand and waves continuously
a person waving their hand around
a person stands bent over with both hands together in front of them.
a person gets down on both knees and crawls forward before standing up again.
a person punches with their left hand, then punched with their right, then kicks with their legs.
a person is walking forward slowly.
a person drops down to the floor and crawls around on their hands and knees before getting back up.
a person is wiping something.
a person lowers their arms from being straight out, claps their hands together, then raises their arms back out straight.
a person swings with their left arm.
a person walks forward, then turns right
a person is in a fighting stance, throwing punches with both arms.
a person sits down and cross-legged fashion and then stands back up.
a person takes a step forward with their left foot and then a step with their right foot.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person is walking forward.
a person stands still and crosses their arms across their chest.
a person swings their arms in a clockwise circle
a person walks forward, takes a few steps back, and then walks again forward.
a person runs in a semi-circle, completing 1.5 rotations.
a person takes a few steps back.
a person is eating dinner with their hands.
the person is walking forward.
a person standing and then raising their left arm as if to catch something.
a person is jumping up and down twice.
a person walks forward at a normal pace
a person walks forward slowly
a person picks up an object with their left hand and walks over to their right, then picks something up with their right hand and returns to where they started.
a person does a forward throw.
a person walks backwards a few steps.
a person running very fast
a person is pushed from the left.
a person twists to their right, then left, and then right again.
a person walks forward and to the left.
a person walks forward then turns around and walks back.
a person raises both arms up to their face, then lowers their left hand, before raising both arms again.
the person is waving with his left hand.
a person picks something up and moves it to the side
a person stands on their right leg while twirling their left leg, then raises their hands, then twirls their left arm.
a person walks forward at a normal pace.
a person moves his left hand across his body from left to right.
a person is waving their hand around their face.
a person walks forward, turns and walks back.
the man steps forward then turns to the right and walks forward, stops and then turns around and walsk back to the original position.
a person walks to their left and then back to their right.
a person lowers their arms from being straight out, then tilts their head to the right, then back to the left.
a person is doing jumping jacks.
a person walks forward at a medium pace.
a person is standing with both arms out to their side.
a person walks forward and turns right.
a person walks forward while swinging their arms and walks back.
a person picks up something and moves it to the side.
a person is flexing their arms.
a person walks in a clockwise circle.
a person lifts their left hand up to their face.
a person reaches forward with their left hand.
a person moves both arms up and down and from side to side.
a person takes a step to the right and then raises their right arm outwards.
a person swings their right arm across their body with a full motion, then their left arm, then they walk forward.
the person is washing a dog.
a person walks forward slowly.
the person is doing a dance.
a person walks forward, turns around, and walks back to pick something up.
a person lowers both arms and stands still.
the person is washing a window.
the person is looking to the right.
a person stands still, raises their arms above their head, lowers their arms, and then raises them above their
a person picks up something from the ground with his left hand.
a person throws a left hook.
a person walks up the stairs.
a person is jogging in place.
a person is spinning around their right arm.
a person is waving with their left hand.
a person walks forward and then stops.
a person squats down and then stands up.
the person is walking normally.
a person dances in a circle with their arms around their partner.
the person is walking forward very slowly.
a person steps forward and then steps back, then takes a step forward again and then takes another step back.
a person steps back, crosses their legs, and sits down.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person doing jumping jacks.
a person throws a ball with their left hand.
the man is doing uppercuts
a person walks in a circle, clockwise.
a person jumping forward and then standing up
a person stands with both arms out, and bends forward at the waist, then leans their upper body to the right, then the left.
a person brings their right hand to their mouth and looks around
a person takes a quick step back and to their right, then lunges forward with their left leg.
a person is walking forward slowly
a person steps to the side, sits down, then moves their left hand.
a person is standing still then leans to the left then back to the right.
a person walks in a circle.
a person walks forward, then stops and turns to the left and walks backwards.
a person is standing, then takes a step forward with their left foot.
a person jumps forward and then stops.
a person stands with his arms out from his sides, moving his left hand in a random pattern.
a person walks in a circle clockwise motion.
a person is doing pushups.
a person walks forward and then stops.
a person stands still, then raises their arms and waves.
a person raises their arms to chest level and claps their hands together.
a person runs in a crouched position
the person was moving something with his left hand.
a person stomping their left foot.
a person picks something up with their left hand and brings it to their head.
the person is sewing something.
a person raises both hands above their head and then stretches to the left and right.
a person throws an object with their left hand
a person is making a motion with both hands, as if they are washing a window.
the person was pushed back.
a person sits down and then gets back up.
the person is moving side to side while walking in a circle.
a person walks forward slowly and then turns around and walks back.
a person steps forward, raises both hands, and returns them to a normal position.
a person is picking up something and then putting it down.
a person is wiping something with his left hand
a person walks in a clockwise circle, before turning around and walking back in a counterclockwise circle.
a person raises their arms out to the side and then lowers them back down.
the person is walking forward on a treadmill.
a person is sitting down and then starts to rub something in front of him.
a person is swaying their hips in a circle.
a person jogs in place, then runs forward.
the person is moving around.
the person is laying down on the floor, then stands up.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person picks up something, then sets it down.
a person has arms straight out at shoulder height and then drops them down to their side.
the person walks forward.
a person takes a few steps forward, stops and then moves their left hand as if they are pouring something into a container.
a person is standing on his right leg while balancing with his left arm, then he brings his right foot down to join his left.
a person is balancing on their left leg while kicking their right leg around.
the person was pushed to the left.
a person performs an exercise routine.
a person spins around their right arm, then left arm.
a person is moving around with their hands
a person walks backwards, sits down and stands back up.
a person takes a few steps backward and then gets down on both knees.
a person stands still with their hands resting on their legs.
a person is walking forward at a fast pace.
a person walks in a circle.
a person walks backwards and stops.
a person walks forward, turns around and walks back, then raises their left arm.
a person walks to the right and picks something up with his left hand.
a person is throwing something.
a person raises their left and right hand above their head.
a person is wiping something with his left hand.
a person reaches down and grabs something with their left hand, then moves their hand back and forth as if wiping something, before moving backwards.
a person stands in place.
a person standing with their feet shoulder width apart and their arms by their side, lifts their hands above their head.
the person is doing a spin.
the man drops his arms to his side and puts them back up again.
a person raises their arms above their head, then leans forward and to the left, then to the right.
the person is making something with his hands.
a person sits down on a chair
a person running and jumping
a person jumps and spins around in the air.
a person walks forward in a curve to the left.
the person picks something up with both hands and then throws it with his right hand.
a person bends over and picks up a bowl with their right hand. they then bring the bowl to their mouth with their left hand and drink from it.
a person raises his left leg, kicks his left foot out and then puts his left arm out to the side.
a person is jogging in place.
a person is standing still
a person is walking then steps over something
a person walks forward and to the right
a person runs forward at a fast pace
a person is balancing on their right foot and then moves their left foot around.
a person waves with their left hand.
a person waves their hand, then makes random jabbing spots with their left hand.
a person picks something up and sets it on their left side.
a person stands on their left foot and swings their right leg around.
