a person walks forward in a gingerly manner.
a person golfing and swinging both arms
a person walks backwards quickly.
a person walks forward and then squats down.
a person waves with their right hand
a person walks straight forward.
a person picks up a small object and places it on a counter.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle, then stops.
a person walks forward, while holding on to something with his right hand.
a person picks up something with both hands and places it to their right.
the person is walking backwards.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person walks forward, picks something up with his right hand, and then walks back to his original position.
a person walks forward then moves to the right.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person walks up and then down the stairs.
a person walks forward, then jumps to the right, then walks to the left.
the person is jumping up and down.
a person walks forward, puts their right hand on something to guide them, and walks forwards.
the person is walking straight forward.
a person walks forward and then stops.
the person is kicking something.
a person walks up and then down stairs.
a person raises their arms above their head.
a person walks forward in a slight left to right direction.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle.
a person steps to the right.
a person walks to the right
a person walks slowly forward, using their hands to grip on to something for support.
a person bends down and picks up an item with both hands.
a person kicks with their left leg.
a person walks in a circle
a person crosses their arms
a person bends down, then squats up twice.
a person does jumping jacks, then does alternating jump lunges, then returns to jumping jack position.
a person is stirring in a counterclockwise direction.
a person standing still then rubbing their hands together
a person waves with their left hand
a person throws something with his right hand then holds both hands up.
a person walks to the left then walks back to the right.
a person is stretching their back.
a person is looking around.
a person kicks something with their right foot.
a person holding an object in front of them with their right hand and using their left hand to move back and forth
a person walks forward, leans over and picks up something with their left hand.
the person walks forward and turns around
a person walks and makes a right turn.
a person picks up an item with his right hand, then uses his left hand to wash it.
a person walks in a counter clockwise circle.
a person sitting down raises his right hand and moves it back and forth.
a person walks in a clockwise circle.
a person spins around while moving his arms.
the man does a dance.
a person bends over and picks up something.
a person sitting down gets up to stand up and then sits back down.
a person slowly walked forward
a person walks in a curve to the right.
a person sits down and puts their hands on their knees.
a person walks backwards while balancing.
a person jumps up and turns to the right.
the man is dancing
a person jumps in a complete circle.
a person does a side uppercut punch with their right hand.
a person reaches his right arm across his body towards his left arm.
a person folds their arms in front of them, then puts them back at their sides.
a person is standing with his arms up and slightly bent as if holding handlebars.
a person swings their right arm around and then swings it around in the opposite direction.
a person waving with his left hand
a person bows his head deeply.
a person sits down and then puts his hands on his hips.
a person raises both hands up and waves them.
a person holds up both hands and dances in a waltz.
a person does a 360 degrees counterclockwise spin and then lands.
a person raises their left arm and waves.
a person picks something up and puts it on a counter
a person runs forward fast.
a person holds their hands up in front of them and kicks their right foot out.
a person is dancing around while holding something in their hands
a person is leaning backwards and then moves to a leaning position with their head facing upwards.
a person holds their arms up to their chest and slightly bends them
a person walks forward, turns around and walks back.
the person is walking to the right.
a person picks up something with both hands and places it to the right
a person walks forward, turns to the left, and walks back.
a person picks up a heavy object with both hands and walks to the right.
a person gets on their hands and knees and moves to the right.
a person walks forward and then turns around and runs back.
a person walks backward then to the right and then to left
a person walks slowly while holding on to a rail with their right hand.
a person dances in a club
the person gets down on their hands and knees and crawls around
a person has his arms outstretched to his sides, then brings them together in front of him and moves them back out to his side.
a person stands and moves left shoulder backwards.
a person walks in a clockwise circle while holding an object with both hands in front of him.
a person walks to the right then walks back to the left.
a person walks forward and then moves to the left.
a person walks down steps.
a person falls to the right and then gets back up.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person walks forward in a straight line.
a person walks backwards, then crouches down and walks forward while moving his arms like he is playing tennis.
a person runs in place.
a person stands with feet shoulder width apart and then with right arm raised to the level of their shoulder and then both arms are raised to shoulder height.
a person walks in a right curve
a person standing with hands slightly bent, and sways back and forth.
a person walks forward then steps over something.
a person slowly walked forward in right direction and returned
a person slowly throws something with their right hand.
the person is running on the spot.
a person picks something up with his right hand then puts it down
the man is facing forward and then turns to the left
a person raises their right arm, then their left arm, and finally lowers both arms.
a person moves something with their right hand in a clockwise direction
a person walks forward with a wide gait.
a person jogs in place.
a person raises their right arm and waves five times.
a person walks forward, bends down and picks up something with both hands, then walks to the right and puts it down.
a person walks straight forward.
the person is sitting and then gets up.
a person walks backwards in a straight line.
the man raises his right hand to his face.
a person picks something up off the ground.
the person is sitting down.
a person holding something, gives it to someone and then turns around.
the person is sitting down and moving his hands around.
a person jogs in place.
the person was standing with arms out then claps and walks forward to sit down.
a person uses both hands to hold something stationary, then uses their right hand to repeatedly strike at something in front of them.
a person raises his left arm up and in front of him.
a person jumps and turns backwards.
a person walks in an arc to their left, while facing forward.
a person picks something up with their right hand, and walks to the left to pick up another object.
a person is moving around and then falls over.
the person was doing something with his right arm
a person picks up a phone with their right hand and brings it to their right ear.
a person walks forward, crouches, and puts his hands on his knees.
a person jumps up and down while moving their legs and arms.
a person is limping his right leg hurts.
a person throws something with his right hand and kicks with his left foot.
a person raises their right arm slightly, then lowers it.
a person swings both arms in a circular motion.
a person throws something with his right hand
a person raises their right hand and walks around in a circle
a person jumps up and down on one leg.
a person runs and leaps over something.
the man throws something.
a person is acting out making the shape of a tea pot then begins to shake
the person is playing tennis.
a person walks down some stairs quickly.
the man raises his right arm in front of him.
a person spins to the right.
a person jumps up and down while their arms are outstretched.
the man is doing arm exercises.
a person is holding an object in front of him.
a person walks forward, turns around and walks back.
person is swaying back and forth
a person walks forward quickly.
the person is doing push-ups.
a person climbs up stairs.
a person falls to the right.
the man walks straight forward.
a person is shaking their right hand
a person walks backwards and then walks upstairs backwards.
a person dances around while moving their arms.
a person holds their hands behind their head, and then lowers them to the ground.
a person standing still and then clapping his hands.
the person is walking to the right.
a person walks in a clockwise circle.
a person is walking forward quickly.
a person is standing, and then shifts their weight to their right foot and lifts their left hand slightly.
a person waves both hands.
a person raises his right arm and points with his right index finger.
a person picks something up with his right hand and then sets it down.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person runs in place.
a person kicks with their right foot.
a person walks forward, then walks to the right, then the left, then back to the left.
a person walks backwards in a straight line
a person is sitting down with their hands on their knees.
a person standing still, and moving arms around.
a person throwing something around.
a person walks in a clockwise circle.
a person jumps to the right side.
a person is on the floor on their hands and knees, stands up and pauses.
a person picks up an object with both hands, tilts it to the right, then tilts back to original position.
a person picks something up and moves it to the right.
a person crouches down, picks something up with both hands, then stands back up.
a person does jumping jacks.
a person slowly turns around, and then sways side to side.
a person does upper body warm up with arms.
a person steps over an object
a person plays an imaginary guitar right handed.
a person has arms extended outward, then moves them back inward, and then extends them back outward.
a person throws something with their right hand.
a person throws something with their right arm.
a person stretches out their arms then walks in a counterclockwise circle.
person is looking at his right wrist.
a person walks forward while looking back over their right should three times.
a person walks forward and then turns around.
a person walks backwards slowly.
a person is holding both arms out and slightly bent at the elbow, as if holding handlebars.
a person walks forward then turns around and walks backwards.
a person is holding their hands up to their face.
a person walks to the right, walks back to the left, then walks straight forward.
the person is hanging by their right foot.
a person walks to the right and then to the left and then bends down
a person leans to the left, then leans right.
the person was walking and strafed right.
a person side steps to the right and ducks under something.
a person is sitting and moving their right arm
a person walks in a clockwise circle.
the person raises both arms up over their head.
a person throws something with their right hand.
a person is doing hand gestures.
a person reaches down and picks up an object with both hands, then they turn and walk forward.
the man leans over with his hands on his hips.
a person quickly side steps to the right and then to the left
a person jumps forward, then jumps to the left, then the right, then back to the right.
a person steps forward, and picks something up with their left hand.
a person is standing and then steps backwards.
a person looks at his right wrist.
a person balancing on one foot while the right foot is raised.
a person raises his right arm up and down, then his left arm up.
a person raises their right hand to their head, then lowers it.
a person holding something with both hands and then raises them slightly.
a person is balancing on their right foot, then balances on their left foot, before alternating to their right.
a person raises his right hand to his mouth.
a person picks something up with their right hand and examines it.
a person throws something with their right hand.
a person throws a ball with their right hand and catches a ball
a person walks to the left, walks back to the right and then walks forward.
a person walks forward, bends at the knees to pick something up, and then turns around and walks back.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person bends their knees up and down, while leaning back and forth.
a person crouches on their knees, crawls forward, then stands up.
a person raises their right arm up and down.
a person walks forward quickly.
the person is standing and moving something with their right hand.
a person kicks something with his right foot.
the person is making a hand gesture.
a person walks forward quickly.
a person walks forward, and raises their right arm.
a person holds something in their right hand and strums it with their left hand.
a person walks to the left and then to the right.
a person is acting out making a long drink
the person walks forward then turns around.
a person walks forward, turns to their right, and sits down.
a person eating something
a person walks in a circle.
a person walks forward and then stops.
a person jumps up and turns backwards.
a person jumps straight up in the air.
the person is walking forward and trips over something
a person walks forward, turns to the right and walks back.
a person is standing still and moves to the right.
a person claps their hands
a person walks in an arc to the right.
a person throws something with their right hand.
the person is walking around.
a person is drinking with his right hand.
a person runs forward quickly.
a person takes a step backwards, then turns and lifts their right hand to their face.
a person walks sideways to the right and then to the left.
a person throws something with his right arm and catches something with both arms.
a person jumps in place.
a person walks up some stairs.
a person kicks with their left foot twice and then kicks it again with their right foot.
a person uses their right hand to eat.
the man is doing side steps
a person reaches their arms above their head.
a person raises his arms and rotates them.
the person is walking side to side.
a person walks forward and picks up an object with their right hand.
a person waves both hands above their head
a person jumps sideways to the right.
a person raises both hands above his head and then leans forward and backward, moving his arms in a circular motion.
the person is balancing on their left foot, and then switches to their right foot.
a person does jumping jacks.
a person walks sideways to the right and walks back.
a person kicks their right leg out and then their left leg out.
a person walks in a clockwise direction in a circle.
a person walks slowly forward.
a person does a front kick.
a person walks in a clockwise circle.
the person did a small hop and then walk forward.
a person sits down, crosses their legs, and then gets back up.
a person picks up a suitcase and swings it back and forth.
a person picks up an object with both hands, raises it to his right, then sets it down.
a person jumps in place.
a person walks forward with their arms out to their sides.
a person steps to the right, then steps to left, then side steps back to the left.
a person is shooting a bow and arrow.
a person sits down and then stands back up.
a person walks forward then turns right to go back.
a person raises both hands above their head.
a person walks forward in a straight line.
a person walks straight backwards.
a person acts out the song "i'm a little teapot".
a person jumps rope.
a person jumps up and to the left
a person raises their left arm above their head.
a person walks forward, then turns right and walks back.
a person walks forward then turns around and walks back.
a person is dancing.
a person is sitting and moving their hands in front of them.
a person steps backward and to the right.
a person does jumping jacks, and then kicks something with their right foot.
the person is waving with their right hand.
a person reaches their right hand across their body to grab something, then reaches down to tie their right shoe.
a person takes a small jump forward.
a person sits down cross legged then stands back up
a person walks slowly forward while keeping their head down and their hands at their side.
the person is holding up his phone with his right hand and ear, talking.
a person does a sideways kick with their left foot.
a person walks to the left and holds up their right hand.
a person slowly walks while holding on to something.
a person folds their arms and then unfolds them
a person is using both their hands to stir something in a clockwise direction.
a person raises their left arm up over their head.
a person raises their right hand slightly, then lowers it.
a person balances on their left foot while reaching their right arm out in front of them.
a person walks forward then turns around to walk back.
a person walks forward at a diagonal angle.
a person runs forward quickly and then runs backward quickly.
a person walks forward and turns around.
a person jumps repeatedly while waving their arms in the air.
a person reaches their right arm out and then back in.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person crosses their arms in front of them.
a person picks something up with both hands then sets it down.
a person is standing on the ground and moving his hands while keeping his legs still
a person is doing the breast stroke.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person is running on a treadmill
a person throws something with his left hand.
a person throws an object with their right hand.
a person raises both hands to the front of their face.
a person dancing in a salsa style.
a person standing with knees slightly bent
a person walks forward, turns right, and walks back.
a person is sneaking down the hallway trying not to wake anyone.
the person hit the tennis ball.
a person walks forward, turns around and walks back.
a person leans to the right then sits down.
a person bends down and picks up something with both hands.
a person standing still while holding a drink in their right hand.
the person is walking with his hands on the rail.
a person is stretching their right leg.
a person walks forward in a zigzag pattern.
a person steps forward and walks back.
the person sat on a chair and put his hands on his hips.
a person is holding a cup in their right hand, and they drink from it.
the person is marching forward.
the person is dancing upwards.
a person walks forward, then turns right to walk back.
the person is sitting down then gets back up
a person kicks something with his left foot.
a person punches with their left arm.
a person walks forward, then turns around and walks back, then walks forwards again and turns around again.
a person picks up a cup and takes a drink.
a person is crouching down and moving back and forth
a person is swinging both arms in a circular motion.
a person walks forward.
a person lowers his arms and rests his hands on his hips.
a person walks forwards, steps over something with his right foot, then continues walking forwards.
a person walks forward and to the right.
a person throws something with their right hand
the man is doing the washing movement of his hands.
a person holds something in their left hand, while using their right hand to mix it.
a person walks forward in a bending right turn.
a person walks around in a circle, then walks in a clockwise circle, and then walts backwards in a counterclockwise circle.
a person walks forward and then turns around
a person lowers his arms, walks forward, and sits down.
a person steps forward and kicks something with his right foot.
a person folds their arms.
a person stretches to their right and left.
a person walks forward fastly.
the man is sitting down and puts his foot on a pedal and his hands around a wheel.
a person walks forward and stumbles on an obstacle.
a person walks forward while swinging their right arm
the person is running forward.
a person walks straight forward, then turns to the left and continues walking.
a person walks forward, turns around and does a handstand.
a person kicks their left foot back.
the person is walking and lifting something.
a person holds their right hand out and raises their left hand out, then shakes their right arm up and down.
the person is kicking their legs right and left.
a person wipes their right hand on their left hand
a person folds their arms in front of them and then unfolds them.
a person picks up an object and carefully places it down.
a person waves with their right hand.
a person reaches their left arm up and over their head, stretching in crescent moon position.
a person steps back then forward while moving their hands around.
a person reaches their left hand out in front of them, then does a low kick with their left leg.
a person raises their hand up to their mouth.
a person makes small rapid motions with their hands near their chest, and then makes larger motions near their shoulder.
a person does a handstand.
a person is running in a circle
a person sits down and then gets back up.
a person walks forward then suddenly falls back.
a person runs forward and leans on something with his body.
a person walks forward fast then turns around and walks back.
a person walks forward and then trips.
the person is lifting a weight with their left hand.
the person took a jump forward.
a person raises their left arm up to their head, and then lowers it.
a person raises his right hand to his face and then lowers it.
a person walks to the right and then walks all the way to the left and then back to the center.
a person throws something with his left hand.
a person jumps up and down in place.
a person walks forward in place without changing their center of gravity
a person kicks forward with their right foot, then kicks to the right, then walks backwards, then steps forward and kicks with their left foot.
a person raises their arms up and down at their sides.
a person walks forward with both arms extended as if walking a tightrope.
a person picks up something and pours it out.
a person walks forward and then steps over something with their right foot.
a person walks forward then turns and starts to run.
the person walks to the right.
the person is throwing something up
a person stands with their arms out and slightly bent at their sides and jiggles their knees up and down.
the person is jumping up and down on their right foot.
a person walks to the right then walks back to the left.
the person is holding his arms up and then puts it down.
a person holds their right arm out in front of them.
a person steps to the left and then sits down.
a person uses their right arm to stir something.
a person grabbed something with right hand and put it down.
a person walks forward slowly, leaning on an unseen object with their left hand.
a person balances on their right foot before alternating to their left foot.
the person is walking in a counterclockwise circle.
a person walks upstairs.
a person stretches both arms above their head, reaching for the sky.
a person moves their hands in and out and up and down, while their feet move back and forth, then kicks one leg out in front of them.
the person washes a window
a person jumps up and down in place.
a person is sitting down and using a phone.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle
a person lowers his arms and then raises them to shoulder height.
a person walks in a clockwise circle.
a person walks forward while using their left hand to touch the top of a wall to guide them.
a person holds their arms up and does squats.
a person walks forward then turns right to walk back.
a person walks to the left and then walks back to the right.
a person walks backwards.
a person walks forward very slowly, holding onto something with their right hand for balance.
a person walks forward at a fast pace.
a person picking up an object and pouring it to the right.
a person walks forward and then stops.
a person raises their right arm, followed by their left arm.
a person sits down and then gets up
the person was walking in a circle and waved to someone.
a person stands with their arms straight out then puts them down
a person walks straight backwards.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle.
a person walks forward slowly.
the person is lifting his arms up
a person squats with arms above their head.
a person is moving an object from left to right.
a person walks forward while using their left hand to hold on to something to balance.
a person eating something
a person walks forward, swings their left arm in a counterclockwise direction, then walks back.
a person walks in a clockwise circle
a person is walking backwards.
a person walks backwards then walks to the side.
a person raises his arms to shoulder height, bends them at the elbows, and then repeats the motion.
a person side steps to the right and then to the left.
a person walks forward and uses their right hand to hold on to something to guide them.
a person walks forward then bends down to pick something up
a person punches with their right arm while moving their legs.
a person walks forward, then reaches his right arm across his body towards his left arm.
a person takes two steps to the right, then raises their hands to their face, shaking them slightly.
a person bends over, picks up an item with his left hand, and then turns around.
a person walks in a bending path to the left.
a person stands on their left foot while swinging their right foot back and forth.
a person is jogging in place.
a person stands up from the ground, walks in a clockwise circle, and then lays back down on the ground.
a person jumps forward.
a person raises their right arm, followed by their left arm.
the person was walking forward in a zigzag
a person sits down on the floor and crosses their legs, then stands back up.
the person is walking backwards.
a person is drinking something.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person walks forward, then bends over and picks something up.
a person picks up an item with both hands, then places it down, and then turns around.
person walks backwards slowly.
a person walks backwards quickly.
a person throws something with their right hand.
a person walks forward and then turns around.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle
a person walks forward in a straight line
a person is dancing.
a person runs forward then leaps.
a person walks forward, raises their right hand, and then waves five times.
a person walks to the left, walks back to the right and then walks sideways.
a person walks straight forward.
a person picks up an object and moves it to the right.
a person walks to the left, bows to the right, then walks back.
the person is using their right hand to wash something.
a person walks in a counterclockwise direction in a circle.
the person was push backwards but did not fall.
a person lowers their arms and then raises them together.
a person stands still with their arms slightly bent.
a person walks forward then turns around and walks back.
a person is walking forward and trips over something
the man walks forward and then sits down.
a person puts both hands on their hips.
the person does jumping jacks.
the person is walking forward.
a person walks forward while balancing on a beam.
a person throws something with their right hand.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person walks backwards in a zigzag.
a person walks forward, walks up steps and stops at the top.
a person stands with arms slightly bent, with the right arm slightly higher than the left, and shifts their weight from one foot to the other.
a person walks forward while using their left hand to hold onto something for support.
a person picks up an item with their right hand and moves it to the left, then picks something up with their left hand and places it to their right.
a person is pretending to be a chicken
a person stands with their hands in front of them and twists at the waist.
a person walks forward then turns around and walks back.
the person is walking to the side.
a person walks forward, turns around and walks back.
a person jogs in place.
a person squats with their arms in the air.
a person throws something with their right hand.
a person walks forward slowly.
the person is holding his arms straight out
a person walks forward at a normal pace.
a person is walking forward while swinging both arms.
a person kneels down while placing their right hand on something
a person walks forward.
a person runs while moving to the left.
a person walks around in a clockwise circle.
a person is pushed backward.
a person walks forward and then turns to the right and then the right again and then right again.
a person is throwing a right roundhouse kick.
a person walks forward and to the right.
a person is doing an over head press
a person raises their hands to their head and then puts them back down.
a person walks down quickly.
a person walks in a clockwise circle
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle.
a person walks up and climbs over something.
a person gets down on their hands and knees and crawls.
a person walks up stairs holding on to something with his right hand.
a person takes a few steps backwards, then turns around and raises both arms up.
a person holds up both hands, slightly moving them.
a person stretches left then right
a person takes a big step over something.
a person is walking backwards
a person does a dance move and then a yoga move.
a person walks forward then jumps up and down on their left foot.
a person runs in a clockwise circle.
a person bends down to pick up an object with their right hand, then raises it to their right side.
a person kicks with left foot, then right foot twice, then left foot twice.
a person jumps backwards.
a person walks in a counter-clockwise direction in a circle.
a person runs and stops
a person walks forward confidently.
a person walks forward in a straight line.
a person walks to the side and sits down.
a person raises his arms from his sides to shoulder level, and then puts them back down.
a person throws something with their right hand.
a person holds their right arm out, level with their shoulder.
a person is standing still, and then puts both hands on his head.
a person raises their right hand to their face.
a person is walking forward, then leaning over.
a person puts their hands on their hips and then moves them around.
a person steps backwards.
a person standing up uses their left hand to move an object in a circular motion in front of them.
a person is swinging a golf club.
the person is walking backwards.
a person walks to the left then picks something up then walks back and moves something around with their right hand.
a person is standing and reaches right hand upward and slightly over to the right.
the person is walking and trips over something.
a person walks forward and then turns around.
a person pours something to the right then walks backwards.
a person stands still for a few seconds, then takes a single step backwards.
a person picks something up from waist level on the left side and puts it down on the right side.
a person walks backwards slowly.
a person walks backwards.
the person is cleaning a window
a person jumped and turns in the air.
a person walks forward doing karate moves.
a person touches his head with his right hand
a person balancing on one leg, swings their right leg sideways.
a person is throwing punches.
a person walks forward, turns around and walks back.
a person walks forward then turns around and walks back.
the person is getting something from the right side.
a person is standing and moves their right hand to their mouth.
a person throws something with their left hand.
a person is making small rapid motions with their hands.
a person waves with his right hand.
a person walks forward with their hands raised, palms down.
a person is pushed to the left.
a person walks in a clockwise direction.
a person holds his hands out, and then puts them on his hips.
the man walks forward then trips over something with his right foot.
a person is standing with arms out to the side, bends down, and picks up an object with both hands, then cradles it, then sets it down and stands up.
a person walks forward and to the left.
the man walks forward then jumps.
a person walks forward and then raises their right arm to wave five times.
a person walks forward quickly.
a person runs and then turns right.
a person stands still, then reaches their right hand out in front of them.
a person steps forward and picks up something with their left hand, and then steps backwards.
the person is sitting and has his hands in the air.
a person side steps to the left.
a person throws right and left kicks.
a person walks straight ahead.
the person is running back and forth.
the person is walking straight down
a person shoots a bow and arrow.
a person moves their hands in front of them.
a person jumps to the left.
a person steps backwards and raises his arms to his chest, then steps forward and rais his arms up over his head, then raises them again.
a person walks forward while holding on to a rail.
a person stands still with his hands at his sides.
the man throws something with his right hand.
a person walks backwards and then walks forward again.
a person lowers their arms, then raises their right hand up to their face.
a person throws a series of punches, starting with right, then left, then right, and repeats
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle.
a person does jumping jacks.
a person waves their right hand in front of them and then their left hand, while their right foot alternates with their left foot.
a person is bending over and moving from side to side.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person walks in a clockwise direction.
a person stands still and raises their right arm.
a person is sitting down with their hands on their knees.
a person reaches out with their right hand to grab something and pull it towards them, while their left hand remains steady.
a person jogs in a counterclockwise circle.
a person holds something with their right hand and leans over and puts it on the ground.
a person walks forward quickly.
a person holding something, with both hands, raises their right hand to their face.
a person walks forward in a straight line.
the person is getting ready to catch a chicken.
a person punches with their right hand.
a person standing still and moving their left hand.
a person walks forward and trips on something, but recovers.
a person walks forwards, then turns right, then walks forward again.
the person walks forward then turns around and walks back.
the person jumps in the air.
a person raises their hands to their face.
a person is pushed to the right but recovers.
a person walks forward quickly.
a person takes a large step to the left and then a large one to the right.
a person picks up an item with both hands and pours it to the left and then sets it back down.
a person slowly walked forward upstairs
a person is pushed slightly forward.
the man walks in a circle
a person walks forward and raises their left hand.
a person stretches to their right with their left hand, then stretces to their left with their right hand.
the person is kicking something.
a person jumps to the left
a person is waving his left hand.
a person raises his right hand to his head and then lowers it.
a person walks down stairs.
a person puts his hands on his hips and then moves them to his sides.
a person raises both arms up over their head.
the person is walking forward and trips over something.
a person walks slowly forward with arms in the air.
a person picks something up with their right hand and sets it down on the left.
a person jumps up and down while facing forward.
the person lifts a dumbbell with their left hand.
the man is throwing something with his right hand.
the man is doing something.
a person stands up from a kneel
a person picks up an object with both hands and brings it to their face.
a person walks forward in a half circle to the right.
a person reaches his right arm outward, then his left arm outwards.
a person throws an object with their left hand.
a person picks up an object and places it on their right side.
a person walks in an s pattern.
a person steps forward, then raises both hands above their head.
a person walks straight forward.
a person throws something with their right hand
a person jogs forward.
a person swings his arms in circles.
a person appears to be dancing.
a person stomps his right foot once.
a person runs forward and then stops.
a person walks forward and then turns to the left and walks back.
the person is throwing something.
a person walks forward, then walks backwards, then waves his arms.
a person walks in a clockwise direction in a circle.
the man walks forward, turns right, then left.
a person throws something with their right hand
a person bends their knees up and down.
a person walks forward and to the left.
a person walks to the side, and then walks backwards.
a person is wiggling their arms while moving their hips.
a person touches their face with their right hand.
a person is sitting and appears to be driving.
a person walks forward in a half circle, turns and walks back.
a person picking something up and tilting it to the right and then putting it back.
a person reaches out in front of them with both hands.
a person walks forward, leans down with right hand on right knee and left hand stretching forward.
a person picks up something and holds it with both hands, then brings it up to their face, then puts it back down.
a person does chicken wings
a person dances in the waltz.
a person walks forward while using his right hand to hold on to something.
a person running forward then crouching down.
a person rotates his arms in a clockwise motion, and then rotates them in a counter-clockwise motion.
a person hops up and down on one leg.
a person holds his right hand out and slightly above his head.
a person jumps up and kicks their right leg out in front of them.
a person picks up an object with their left hand and throws it with their right.
a person is walking around, then turns around and starts walking around again.
a person raises their arms to shoulder level and puts them back down.
a person walks straight forward.
a person walks forward while holding on to a rail with his right hand.
a person walks forward slowly.
the person is throwing something with their right hand.
a person slowly rotates their hips in a clockwise direction.
a person walks to the right, walks back to the left and then walks right again.
the man takes a step forward and punches with his right hand.
a person walks slowly in a diagonal path to the right.
a person holding his hands up to his face, then drops them
a person holds their arms up and squats down.
the person is pretending to be a monkey.
a person uses both hands to move something from right to left.
a person walks to the right and then to the left.
a person holds both hands out in front of them.
a person holds their arms out to the sides and slightly moves their elbows in and out.
a person walks forward and jumps over something.
a person walks backwards.
a person kneels down on their knees.
a person rotates to the left and then walks to the right.
a person is pushed to the left.
a person runs forwards quickly.
the person is doing the breast stroke.
a person sits down and throws something with their right hand.
the person is walking around.
a person walks to the right.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle.
the person walks in a clockwise circle.
the man walks in an arc to the right
the person was waving his arms.
the person was pushed backwards.
a person throws an item with their right hand.
a person is moving around with his right hand on his hip.
a person jogs in place.
a person walks to the left then walks back to the right.
a person reaches out with his left hand to pick up an object, then cradles it.
a person raises their right hand and waves five times.
a person walks forward then turns around to walk back.
a person side steps to the left then side steps back to the right.
a person runs in a clockwise direction, while turning around and runs back in the opposite direction.
a person walks forward very slowly.
a person walks backwards, moving their legs and arms to maintain balance.
a person has his arms extended outwards, then lowers them, and finally reaches forward with his right hand.
a person throws something with his right hand.
a person raises their right hand and moves it around.
a person runs straight forward.
a person walks forward then turns around and walks back.
a person steps back quickly.
a person picking up an object from left and moving it to right
a person takes a large step to the right and down.
a person walks forward, turns around, and walks back.
a person walks forward and then turns around to walk back.
a person jumps forward.
a person walks forward and climbs up a few steps.
a person bends at the knees to pick up an object from the ground.
a person walks forward then turns around and walks back.
a person crawls forward, gets up and turns around.
a person walks forward and then climbs someithing while holding on to the same hand rail
a person stirs in a bowl
a person walks forward slowly.
a person is pushed from the left but does not fall.
a person is drinking something.
a person dancing on the spot while moving his legs to the left and right
a person squats down with arms out in front of them, then rises back up.
a person walks forward quickly.
a person is pushed from behind, and takes one step forward.
a person stands with their legs slightly bent and knees up.
a person throws something with their right hand.
a person raises their right hand and waves.
a person walks downstairs
a person walks forward quickly.
a person is shivering their shoulders.
a person walks and turns to the left.
a person walks forward, turns to the right and walks again, then turns to right and stops.
a person does jumping jacks.
a person steps forward, then leaps to the left and walks back to the right.
a person walks slowly while using his right hand to hold on to something to guide him.
a person throws an object to the side.
the person is doing the chicken dance
the person is walking forward.
a person walks forward, bends over, lifts something with both hands, and then walks back.
a person walks to the left and then walks back to the right.
a person kicks his right leg out in front of him.
a person picks something up with both hands, and pours it to the left, then puts it back in place.
a person crouches down and crawls.
the person is taking a picture of something
a person standing with arms out then brings them down and starts moving hands like typing
a person walks forward at a fast pace.
a person runs forward.
a person is standing still, then steps to the side.
a person runs and then jumps.
a person reaches their right hand up to the right side of their face, then their left hand up, then they take steps to the side.
a person climbs up then down then up again
a person stands still and then walks backwards, while moving their hands around.
a person runs forward in a curve to the right.
a person turns to the right, then turns to look to the left, and then turns around to look back.
a person is imitating a monkey.
a person walks straight backwards.
a person is walking forward, then suddenly staggers as if hit by something, and then continues walking.
a person does jumping jacks.
a person waves with their right hand.
a person is sitting down with their hands near their face.
a person rotating their hands in opposite directions in front of them.
a person walks backwards down a set of stairs.
a person walks in a counter clockwise circle.
a person walks forward while throwing something with their right hand.
a person bows down deeply
a person uses both hands to throw out a line and then catches something.
a person jogs forward quickly.
a person jogs to the right then jogs back to the left
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle.
a person walks slowly forward.
the man is moving sideways
a person steps forward and kicks with his right leg.
a person gets down on their hands and knees and crawls around.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle.
a person is dancing in a waltz
a person is pushed to the right.
a person steps backwards and then steps forward.
a person is standing and moving their arms
a person walks forward quickly.
the person walks in a circle then sits down.
the person is doing jump rope.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person walks slowly forward.
the man walks forward and then sits down.
a person is walking on a balance beam.
a person sits down cross legged then stands back up.
a person does jumping jacks.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle.
a person sits down, crosses their legs, then stands back up.
the person is walking and turned around.
a person walks forward then turns around and walks back.
a person walks straight forward.
a person lowers themselves into a crawl, then crawls in a clockwise direction.
a person walks straight forward.
a person is crouching and moving around.
a person slowly walked forward in right direction, after in left direction and after in right again
a person walks forward.
a person takes a big step to the right
the man is sitting and raises both arms out to his side.
the person is doing martials.
a person walks forward at a moderate pace.
a person walks forward, picks up something with both hands, pours it to the left, and then pours some more.
a person walks quickly forward.
a person reaches down with his right hand, picks up something, cradles it in his right arm, then rubs it on something with his left hand.
a person is drinking something.
a person walks to the left.
a person walks forward while holding something with their right hand
a person walks in a circle counterclockwise
a person walks forward then is pushed to the left but recovers.
a person does jumping jacks.
a person raises their right arm over their head.
a person walks forward confidently.
a person walks side to side in a strafing motion.
a person lifts something with both hands from the left and moves it to the right.
a person jogs in place
the person is walking around looking for something.
a person raises their right hand to their mouth and stays still.
a person picks up a small object from the left side with his right hand, then he walks forward and turns around and walks back.
a person shifts weight from right foot to left foot and then back to right foot.
a person swings his arms in a circular motion in front of him
the person is crawling around looking for something.
the person is walking while holding onto a rail
a person is moving something from the left to the right
a person walks to the right.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person steps to the side and then sits down.
a person is sitting down with both of his hands on the handlebars of a motorcycle.
a person gets on his knees and stands up
the person is running in a straight line.
a person walks to the right and picks something up.
a person is moving something from right to left.
a person holds their hands up to their face, then bends down and moves around before standing back up.
a person crosses their arms in front of them.
a person throws an object with their right hand.
the man is washing his right arm
a person walks forward, turns around and walks back.
a person spins around, jumps, and does a somersault.
a person walks forward, then turns around and walks back.
a person is moving to the right.
a person walks to the right, walks all the way to the left, and then walks back to the middle.
a person walks forward at a normal pace.
a person kicks with his right leg
a person throws a punch with his right hand.
a person skips side to side starting with right leg.
a person walks forward and steps over something.
the person is doing the breast stroke.
a person is dancing around and then throws something with his right hand.
a person walks forward and stumbles when walking.
a person balancing on his left foot with arms outstretched.
a person walks forward, turns around and runs back, then turns around again.
a person reaches down with their right hand to pick something up, then turns around and uses their right arm to wash something.
the person is doing a hand washing motion.
a person picks something up from their left and moves it to their right.
a person walks forward in a diagonal direction
a person standing and moving their arms
a person walks forward quickly.
a person stands and stretches with his left hand above his head.
a person runs forward quickly.
a person stands with knees slightly bent, and then turns to the right and walks away.
a person is sitting down and appears to be eating something in their left hand.
a person stands up from a sitting position
a person sits down on the ground.
a person does jumping jacks.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person reaches forward and grabs something with his left hand.
a person holds something up to their face with both hands.
a person runs forward fast.
the man squats down and jumps up multiple times.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person jumps down from something
a person rotates in a circular motion with his arms up in the air.
a person walks slowly forward.
a person is sipping a drink
the person is sitting down and eating something.
a person puts their hands on their hips and rotates their arms in a circular motion
a person drops to their hands and knees, crawls forward, turns counterclockwise and then stands.
a person walks forward while swinging their arms.
the person is throwing something.
a person walks in a clockwise circle.
a person walks forward, turns around and walks back.
a person walks backwards in a counterclockwise circle.
a person walks to the right, then walks all the way to the left, then back to the center.
the person is walking forward.
a person squatting down and raises arms outwards.
a person puts their hands on their hips and raises their arms up
a person walks forward at a medium pace.
a person raises their right arm above their head, then lowers it.
a person is standing and moves their right hand to the side and in front of them.
a person is walking forward and then stumbles to the left
a person throws something with their left hand
a person walks down some stairs
a person throws something with their left hand.
the person washes their hair.
a person is holding their right arm out in front of them.
a person walks forward, picks up an item with their right hand, and then moves it to the left.
the person was stretching his right leg and then his left leg.
a person is throwing something with his right hand.
a person walks forward, turns around and walks back.
a person walks forward in a straight line.
a person runs forward, leans to the right, and then stops.
a person jumps sideways to the left and then to the right.
a person steps backwards while looking back over their shoulder.
a person takes a step to the left.
a person throws something with their right hand.
a person jumps straight up in the air.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person jogs in place.
a person jumps up and down.
a person is waving his right arm.
a person walks forward and then turns around to walk back.
a person raises his hands above his head, then leans to his right and left.
a person walks on a balance beam.
a person walks forward and then turns around to walk back.
a person raises both arms above the head in a curling motion.
a person kneels down while using their right hand to hold something stationary.
a person walks forward, picks up an object and places it down.
the person is drinking a bottle.
a person holds their right leg with both hands, and stretches it to the right.
the person walks forward slowly.
a person walks and turn right
the person is squatting with their arms up to the side.
a person is standing still and moves both of his hands to the center of his body.
a person sits down and puts his hands on his hips.
a person throws something with his right hand.
a person sits down, folds their hands in their lap, and then raises their arms slightly.
the man is moving around.
a person walks backwards.
a person picks up an item with his right hand, then rubs it on an object in front of him, before returning the item to its original location.
a person crouches down and looks around while moving their head back and forth.
a person does a dance
a person leans over, picks up an item with their right hand, and moves it to their left hand.
a person walks backwards, turns around and walks forwards while moving his arms.
a person is dancing around with his hands out.
the person is crawling around.
a person walks in a quarter circle to the right.
a person holds their right hand out while they raise their left hand up and down.
a person steps forward and moves his right hand back and forth in front of him.
the person is doing jumping jacks.
a person reaches down and picks something up, then washes it.
a person bends down and picks up an object with both hands, and then rises back up.
a person jumps up and down.
a person raises his arms to shoulder height, and then lowers them to his sides.
a person picks up an object and tilts it to the right, then returns it to its original position.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle.
a person stretches his arms up and over his head.
a person puts his hands on his hips and bends over, then begins to make small jumps.
a person walks forward while holding something with their right hand.
a person slowly walked forward upstairs
a person walks very slowly forward.
the man throws something underhanded.
the man is walking forward while swaying his arms.
a person throws something with their right arm.
a person kicks with their right foot, then kicks it back.
a person runs forward in a diagonal line.
a person steps forward and picks something up with his right hand.
a person crosses their arms in front of their chest.
a person raises their right arm up and down
a person walks backwards.
the man is walking sideways.
the person is dancing side to side.
a person is crawling on the floor backwards.
a person does jumping jacks.
a person side steps to the right and then to the left.
the person is walking in a line and then veers right.
a person walks in place without changing their center of gravity
a person standing in place while alternating hands, while keeping feet planted.
a person is running in place, then runs in a circle to the left.
a person runs forward quickly.
a person walks forward slowly.
the person is walking forward and then turns around.
a person walks in a clockwise direction in a circle.
a person walks forward, turns around and sits down. then they get back up and walk back.
a person squats down and back up multiple times.
a person is washing a window.
the person is doing jumping jacks.
a person walks backwards and stops.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person walks backwards.
a person picks something up and pours it to the right.
a person jumps up and down on their toes.
a person walks backwards slowly.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person sits down and uses his right arm to move an object around in front of him.
a person jogs in place.
a person is walking while moving his right and left arm.
a person raises their right arm up, elbow slightly bent, and then puts it back down.
a person kneels down to the ground.
a person is dancing with their arms out.
a person who is standing with his arms out from his sides, drops his arms to his sides and then raises them to chest level and back down.
a person throws something with their right hand.
the person is walking forward and then turns around.
a person balancing on their right foot, alternates to their left foot, and then back to the right foot.
the person is jogging forward.
the person put his right arm out, then put it back down.
a person walks forward in a straight line.
a person lifts their arms above their head
a person slowly walks forward while holding on to something.
a person runs forward.
the person is walking backwards.
a person walks forward at a very slow pace.
a person walks forward, then turns around and walks back, then walks forwards again.
a person uses his right hand to move an object around in front of him.
a person walks forward then steps over something and walks further.
a person is doing upper body warm up stretches.
a person walks in a counterclockwise direction.
a person raises their right arm and then their left arm.
a person walks forward with his right arm extended.
a person holds their arms up to their face while squatting
a person runs forward in a counterclockwise circle.
a person drops to their hands and knees and crawls forward then stands back up.
a person picking up an object from the left and moving it to the right
a person does jumping jacks.
a person washes something with his right hand, then steps backwards and raises both hands out to the sides.
a person throws something with both hands and then catches something with their right hand.
a person climbs on something with his hands and feet, then stops.
a person kicks their right leg and then their left leg.
a person walks to the left.
a person crosses arms in front of chest.
a person walks forward, picks up an item, then turns around and walks back.
a person kicks their left leg out in front of them.
the person is standing still, and is flapping his hands like a chicken's wings.
a person raises his right arm, followed by his left, then moves both arms in front of his body.
a person jumps up and down while waving his hands.
the person is walking backwards.
a person is balancing on their left foot while swinging their right foot back and forth.
a person walks backwards slowly.
a person is standing still and then brings his hands together.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle.
a person walks forward then turns right to go back.
a person uses their right hand to open something, and then brings it up to their face, taking a sip of it.
a person raises both arms and waves them.
a person raises their right hand slightly above their shoulder.
a person is wiping something with their right arm in front of them.
a person walks forward and then quickly moves to the right as though hit by something.
a person is dancing around.
a person raises his right arm up and down.
the person is washing a window.
a person raised their hand and put it back down
a person walks forward slowly.
a person walks to the left, then to the right, then back to the center.
the person is walking sideways to the right.
a person walks in a u shaped path
a person walks forward and then stops.
a person steps to the side and sits down, then gets back up and steps back.
a person shakes their hips while moving their arms.
a person crosses arms in front of them.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person walks backwards and then walks forward.
a person walks straight backwards.
a person raises their right arm and points outward.
the person is walking in a s pattern.
a person raises their right arm up to their head.
a person raises their arms out to the side, lowers them, and then raises them back up.
a person does jumping jacks.
a person turns to the side and stretches, then does several jump lunges to the left and right.
the person is sitting down then gets up and walks to the right
a person steps backwards slowly.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person turns around and raises his arms outstretched, then raises them again, then lowers them, then repeats.
the man walks forward, turns around, and runs back.
a person is doing the breast stroke.
a person walks forward, picks something up with his left hand, then turns around and walks back.
a person is waving his hands.
a person sitting down while driving
the man walks forward and then stops.
a person is kneeling down and stands up.
a person rotates their hips clockwise.
the person is looking at his watch.
a person holds something in their left hand and uses their right hand to open it.
a person slowly walked forward upstairs
the person is pouring something.
a person walks forward, then moves to the right and then walks backwards.
the person is throwing something.
a person walks in a counter clockwise circle.
a person bows down deeply twice.
the person is waiting for the bus.
a person is walking around and then picks something up.
a person kicks something with their right leg.
a person is sitting down, and seems to be driving.
a person walks slowly forward.
a person walks forward then turns around and walks back.
a person is standing and waving his hands.
a person lowers his arms to his sides, then turns slightly to the right.
a person does a side twist with their arms extended outward.
a person puts his hands on his hips and then sits down.
the person kicks with his right leg.
a person walks slowly while holding on to a rail with their right hand.
a person is stirring something.
the man is moving his right arm
a person walks backwards slowly.
a person raises his hands to his head and bends over.
a person raises their right arm twice, bending at the elbow.
a person walks straight forward.
a person steps forward and stops.
a person does jumping jacks.
a person holds their head in their hands.
a person slowly throws something with their right hand.
a person holds both hands on their waist and moves their right arm in a side to side motion.
a person is punching the air while moving their feet back and forth.
a person walks in a clockwise circle
a person walks forward in a counterclockwise circle.
a person walks to the left in a squatted position.
a person walks forward then walks back and raises their right arm.
a person holds arms out to side, then bends down to his knees.
a person runs forward quickly.
a person picks up an item with their right hand and then washes it with their left hand.
a person holds something in their hands and tilts it back to drink it.
a person raises their hands above their head and then lowers them
a person jumps forward.
a person puts his hands on his knees, then raises them to his face.
a person is balancing on their right foot.
a person slowly walked forward upstairs while holdoing something with right hands
the person is doing side step back and forth
a person walks forward and drops to his knees.
the person is picking up and moving items.
the person is standing in one place, moving his right arm around.
a person turns backwards, leaps and spins around.
a person is sitting down, and their hands are near their face.
a person does a jumping jack.
a person crosses their arms and then moves them in a circular motion.
a person throws something with their right hand
a person picks up a cup and pours it to the right and sets it back down.
a person picks up a phone with their right hand and brings it to their right ear.
a person raises their right hand and waves it.
a person walks forward and then turns around and walks back.
a person lifts their arms up above their head, stretching.
a person throws something with his right hand.
a person looks to their right and then to their left
a person folds their arms and then unfolds them.
the person sat down and put his hands on his hips.
a person is dancing the waltz.
a person walks forward, jumps over an obstacle, and then continues walking.
a person throws something underhand before lifting their right arm above their head.
a person walks forward and is pushed backwards by something, then they recover and continue walking.
a person puts their arms out to the side, then brings them down and puts them back out.
a person puts his hands on his knees.
a person walks forward, picks something up, and then walks away again
a person walks forward and then stops.
a person is stirring something with their right hand.
a person puts their hands on their hips and stretches their legs outwards.
a person slowly walks with their arms in the air, shoulder height.
a person jumps to the right.
a person is running in place, then starts to run forward.
a person walks diagonally to the right, then crouches and crawls diagonallly to the left.
a person walks forward with both arms swinging at their sides.
a person jumps up and down while raising their arms above their head.
a person walks forward quickly.
a person stands still and then throws something with their right hand
a person is moving his arms around in front of him.
a person picks up something with their right hand, walks forward, and sets it down.
a person raises his left hand slightly then sets it back down.
a person walks forward and then stops.
a person twists their body to the right and then to the left
a person raises their right arm up, while slightly moving their left arm.
a person bends down, picks up an object and moves it to the left.
a person walks and bends to the left.
a person is walking on their hands and knees.
a person puts their hands on their waist and moves them up and down in a swaying motion while slightly twisting their upper body.
a person holds an object up to their face and then brings it back down.
a person is standing and then turns around
a person is driving a car.
a person standing still then moves their right hand
a person steps backwards, lifts his left foot, bends his left knee, and then his right knee to the floor.
a person waves with his left hand, then waves with both hands, then raises both hands above his head.
a person walks forward and then turns around to walk back.
the person is moving something from the left to the right.
a person walks slowly forward.
a person throws an object with his right hand.
a person runs forward and climbs up to search for something.
the person was walking backwards.
a person sits down, then stands back up.
a person standing and moving hands
a person reaches down with their left hand, picks up an object, and lifts it to their right side.
a person walks in a counterclockwise direction in a circle.
the man is moving his right hand.
a person walks forward, turns around and walks back.
a person does jumping jacks.
the person is walking forward.
a person lifts a dumbbell with his left hand.
a person is stretching from right to left
a person puts their hands on their hips and sways back and forth.
a person grabbed something and put it somewhere
a person waves with his right hand.
the person is scratching his head.
a person standing still, raises their left arm, then raises the right arm and waves it five times.
a person reaches down and picks up an item with both hands, then reaches over and sets it down.
a person sits down and then stands back up
a person holds up their hands and slightly moves backward.
a person walks forward at a fast pace.
a person jumps up and down, crouching slightly before each jump.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person dances around while holding something in their hands.
a person does jumping jacks.
a person throws something with their right hand.
a person walks to the left
a person walks and turns to the right.
a person picks up a heavy object with both hands.
a person kicks forward with their right foot, then kicks backwards with their left foot, and then kinks to the right.
a person walks to the right then sits down on a chair, then gets back up and walks back to the starting point.
the person was fishing with his right arm and then his left arm.
a person stretching their upper body right and left
the person is drinking something.
a person walks forward quickly.
a person walks in a circle clockwise.
a person is stirring in a bowl
a person standing and moving their arms in a circular motion.
the person was doing something with his left hand.
a person walks to the right.
a person walks forward, then turns around and walks back.
a person kneels down and puts his hands on his knees.
a person raises their right arm above their head.
a person is facing forward without moving.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle.
a person is running in place.
a person is standing and raises both arms above their head, then drops them.
a person raises his hands to his side, then raises them above his head, and finally lowers them.
a person raises their right arm up and over their head in a crescent moon position.
a person holding something in their hands raises it to their face, and then brings it back down to their chest.
a person raises both arms and rotates them in opposite directions.
a person jumps straight up in the air.
the man goes down on his knees crawling forward, then turns around and crawls back.
a person holds his hands together in front of him
a person lifts both hands up in front of their face, then drops them back to their sides.
a person does jumping jacks.
a person walks forward quickly.
a person raises his right hand to his face, and then lowers it.
a person hops on their left foot and then on their right foot.
a person steps backwards then walks forwards.
a person is squatting down, while in motion, they are running in place.
a person sits down and begins to move around their left hand.
the person is walking and then something hit them and they move to the right
a person standing still and then gets pushed on their right shoulder.
a person takes one step to the right then one step back to the left.
a person raises his arms and walks to the right.
a person does jumping jacks.
a person kicks with his right foot.
the person is jumping up and down.
a person reaches out and grabs something with their left hand.
a person moves their arms in a circular motion in front of them.
a person lifts their left arm up and down in front of them.
a person is dancing by moving his hands and feet.
a person puts his right arm out, followed by his left arm.
a person bends forward with arms out to the side and then bends to the right and left.
a person jogs in place
a person raises their left arm to the front of them and then lowers it.
the man walks in a circle
a person dancing in a club.
a person turns around and walks in an irregular patttern
a person walks upstairs
a person walks in a circle while swinging his arms.
the person is standing with their arms raised.
a person kicks with their right leg.
a person walks forward at a medium speed.
a person does a full spin, twirl and then a half spin twirl.
a person walks forward, stumbles and moves forward.
a person walks to the left then walks back to the right then wal
a person walks forward, turns around and walks back.
a person throws punches with their right and left hands.
a person walks forward while holding on to a rail.
a person walks in a counter clockwise circle.
a person walks in an s pattern.
a person throws their hands outward and moves them back and forth.
the man stands still and then moves his hands.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person holds something in their right hand and brings their left hand up to touch it.
a person takes a step backwards.
a person dances and gesticulates around.
a person looks around and then sets something down.
a person lifts both arms up, and then lowers them.
a person hops on their right foot while their left foot is lifted and kicked back and forth.
a person jumps and turns backwards.
a person reaches forward with their right hand, then moves it in a circular motion around their left hand, and repeats this motion with their left arm.
a person crouches and then stands up and walks in a clockwise circle
a person is jogging in place.
a person is jumping rope.
a person walks forward slowly.
the person is walking forward.
the person is sitting down and getting up
a person raises their arms to their face, then lowers them.
a person walks forward while using their right hand to touch a railing
a person walks in a clockwise circle.
a person walks forward and then steps up onto something with their right foot, then their left foot, and then turns and walks to the right.
a person steps over something.
a person is moving something from the left to the right.
a person runs forwards quickly.
a person walks forward then throws something with their right hand.
a person is standing and then takes a step backward to the right.
a person is walking in a zig zag pattern.
a person jumps and turns backwards.
a person crouches down and crawls.
the person was walking and then was pushed backwards and then continued walking.
a person walks forward at a normal pace.
a person raised the hands up and after leaned on the right leg
a person holds their hands above their head while stretching.
a person grabbed something with hands and put it somewhere
a person walks forward and stops.
a person sits down on a chair and swings their legs back and forth.
a person picks up a heavy object with both hands, then walks forwards and turns around.
a person picks something up and moves it.
a person walks in a circle
a person jogs from right to left and back again.
a person throws an object with their right hand twice.
a person walks forward in a left angle curve
a person reaches out in front of them with their right hand, followed by their left hand, and then their right again.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle.
a person does the motions to the tune "i'm a little teapot".
a person walking and moving around in a zig zag motion
a person picks up a phone and brings it to their right ear.
a person walks forward, picks up an item with their left hand and examines it.
a person moves their left hand around while crouching
a person is standing, then raises their arms and then lowers them to their sides.
a person is jogging right to left.
a person jumps over and over.
a person walks forward then jumps over something
a person raises their right arm above their head.
a person raises their left hand up to their face.
a person hops up and down on their right foot, while their arms move in and out.
a person raises their right hand slightly, and then puts it back down.
a person walks forward and trips over something.
a person holds both hands up over their head while walking back and forth.
a person is balancing on their left foot, before alternating to their right foot.
a person crosses their arms
a person walks forward slowly, reaches out with their right hand, and picks up an object, then turns around and walks back.
a person reaches out in front of them with both hands, then pulls an object towards them.
a person walks to the right then catches something with both hands.
a person walks forward and then turns to the left and walks back.
a person holds their hands up to their face and bows.
a person walks forward while balancing carefully on a structure
a person raises both arms above their head.
a person walks in a circle
a person waves both of his hands in front of him.
a person walks forward then steps over something.
a person walks to the left.
a person jumps and turns backwards.
a person picks something up, rotates it and then puts it back down.
a person is doing squats with arms up in the air.
a person holds their right leg up and kicks it around while balancing on their left leg.
a person throws something with his right hand.
a person raises his right hand above his head, waves it, and then lowers it.
a person is facing forward then turns to the right then turns around.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle.
a person walks forward.
a person throws a ball with his right hand.
a person walks to the right then to the left.
a person walks forward, turns around, and walks back.
a person is doing push-ups, starting from a laying down position.
a person dances the waltz.
the person is walking forward.
a person walks to the right, walks back to the left, and then walks again to the center
a person walks forward in a straight line.
a person moves his right hand in a wide circular motion in front of him, then does the same with his left hand.
a person moves to the right
a person raises their left hand to their head.
a person runs forward and then stops.
a person holding something in their right hand, tilts it to their mouth and takes a drink.
a person walks in a clockwise circle.
a person walks forward and then turns around to walk back.
a person walks in a counterclockwise direction in a circle.
a person is dancing with their arms up
a person is standing still and then raises their right arm.
a person is running in place.
a person walks forward, picks up an item with their left hand, turns around, and moves the item to their right.
a person walks forward, then turns around and walks back.
a person waves with their left hand, while their right hand waves back and forth.
the person is walking sideways to the right.
a person raises their right arm to their head, then lowers it.
the person was doing a side step.
a person walks forward.
the person was walking forward and grabbed something with his left hand.
a person walks forward and turns to the left.
the person put his hand on his knees and bent down.
a person throws an object with their left hand, then catches an object.
a person folds their arms then puts them back down.
a person runs forward.
a person walks forward and then trips over something with their right foot.
a person leans on something with their right hand, then leans down and bends at the knees.
a person kicks something with his left foot.
a person walks while hunched over.
a person jumps and spins in a clockwise direction.
a person walks forward, while holding both arms in front of them, then stops and lowers both arms.
a person reaches right arm outward.
a person is bending down and crawling.
a person stands and reaches to the right and left.
a person is hugging someone, then starts to cry
a person runs back and forth.
a person walks and then takes a large step over something.
a person shoots a bow and arrow.
a person walks forward while swinging their arms.
a person raises both hands to their face, then drops them.
a person scratches their head with their right hand.
a person walks forward quickly.
a person picking up an item and moving it to the side.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle
a person rotates in a counterclockwise motion while moving his hands in a clockwise motion.
a person jogs forward.
a person is walking forward and then trips backwards.
the person is doing a washing motion with his left arm.
a person skips happily.
a person uses their right arm to point forward, then brings both arms up to head height.
a person walks forward, picks something up with his right hand, and then walks back.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person crouches down and walks on all fours.
a person picks up something with both hands.
the person is walking forward and making gestures with their right arm.
a person walks slowly forward.
a person jumps up and down.
a person raises their left hand up to their face.
the person jumped and turn backwards.
a person is kneeling down.
a person runs forward and stops.
a person picks up an item with both hands and places it to their right
a person walks forward, turns around, and walks back.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle.
a person takes a quick step to the right.
a person sits down on a chair and then gets back up
a person sits down and then gets back up.
a person running and jumping
a person is sitting down and appears to be driving
a person grabbed something with right hand and put it down
a person runs forward and then turns around and jumps up and down on their right foot.
a person brings their arms down from shoulder height and then raises them to shoulder height again.
a person walks forward then turns around to walk back.
a person steps to the right, sits down and puts his hands on his thighs.
a person walks forward, turns right, and walks back.
a person throws something with their right hand, then catches something with both hands.
a person jumps up and down multiple times, spinning in a circle with their arms outstretched.
a person walks up and down steps while holding on to the same hand rail.
a person stomps their left foot.
a person dances while swinging their arms and then walks backwards.
the person is clapping.
a person walks forward and is pushed to the left, then he recovers and walks back.
the person is holding something up.
a person jumps up and down.
a person throws something with their right arm.
a person kicks forward with his left foot, then kicks back with his right foot.
a person stands and gestures with both hands.
a person claps their hands together.
a person reaches down with both hands and moves them back and forth in front of their body.
the person was getting up from a laying position.
a person walks forward and turns around to go back.
a person is walking to the right while stepping over something.
a person picks up an item with their right hand and places it on their left.
a person picks up a heavy object with both hands, then gently sets it down.
a person holds something with both hands, then leans on it with his right foot.
a person bends their knees up and down while holding their hands out in front of them.
a person is sitting and holding something in their left hand.
a person is standing and is making chicken wings
a person takes one step forward, then quickly takes one more step, and stops.
a person walks in a circle
a person does arm circles with their hands.
a person stomps his left foot.
a person walks forward, dodging something with his right side.
a person reaches out with their right arm and begins moving it around.
a person walks forward, walks to the side, walsk to the other side, and walks back.
a person walks forward then takes a large step over something.
a person walks forward and then turns around and walks back.
a person moving something from left to right.
a person is drinking something.
a person is drinking a beverage.
a person is sitting down and raises their right arm up to their face.
a person walks forward in an arc to the right.
a person walks backwards, then forwards while swinging arms.
a person claps with both their hands.
a person walks forward at a medium pace.
a person climbs up and down.
the person was doing upper body warm up stretches.
a person is pushed backwards slightly.
the person does jumping jacks.
a person is in a fighting stance, moving side to side.
a person is standing still and then moves their arms outwards
a person jumps up and down on the spot.
a person raises both hands and stretching them to the right and left.
a person uses their right hand to open something in their left hand, then consumes it
the man walks forward and then bends down to pick up something.
a person kicks their left leg out and in front of them.
a person walks forward quickly.
a person picks up an object, shakes it out, and then pours it out.
a person stumbles around.
a person rubbing his hands together.
a person walks forward and backward.
a person steps forward and stumbles to their right.
a person slowly walked forward upstairs and returned
a person walks forward while swinging their arms.
a person runs in a clockwise circle
a person throws a punch with their right hand, then throws a quick punch to the side with their left hand, and then raises both hands up in a defensive position.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person walks in a clockwise direction in a circle.
a person is walking and then stops.
a person does a jump while spinning around in a circle.
a person walks in a circle
a person walks in a clockwise circle, then sits down on the ground.
a person throws something with their right hand then catches something with both hands.
a person side steps to the right then to the left.
a person kicks with right foot.
a person walks in a circular path.
a person jumps forward.
a person walks forward and picks something up with his right hand, then walks backwards.
a person walks backward then runs forward.
a person is jogging back and forth.
a person is using a touch screen
a person walks forward and raises their arms.
a person steps to the side, lowers their right hand to their right knee, and then raises it back up.
a person walks in a half circle.
a person walking while holding on to something
a person slowly walks forward while crouching
the man stands and sways his body side to side
a person walks to the right.
a person walks forward, jumps up and down several times, then walks back.
a person walks in a circle
a person runs forward fast.
a person is mixing something with his left hand.
a person throws something with their right hand then ducks to avoid something.
a person puts his right hand on his face to yawn.
a person walks to the right then walks back to the left
a person walks slowly while balancing on a beam.
a person standing with legs slightly bent, raises and lowers their arms out to their sides.
a person reaches their left arm up and over their head, stretching to the right.
the person was playing golf.
a person is running in a straight line.
a person sitting down raises his right hand, while his left hand stays on the steering wheel.
a person is sitting down and then raises their right hand up to their face.
a person steps back and throws something.
a person picks something up off the ground with their right hand and then places it down.
the person is running forward.
a person jumps up and down several times.
a person jumps forward.
a person is drinking something
a person is facing forward then turns around and walks to the side.
a person reaches forward and picks up something with both hands, and then tilts it.
a person climbs over an object, and then climbs down.
a person checks the watch on their left hand.
a person throws an object with their right hand.
a person throws something with their right hand.
a person is balancing on their left foot.
a person raises his right arm to wave five times.
a person runs to the left and then to the right.
a person is standing, and raises his right hand to his face.
the person is walking forward and then stops.
a person puts his hands up to his face while squatting.
a person walks forward and stumbles to the right.
the person is jogging in place.
a person is standing still, then brings their hands together in front of them.
a person walks forward while using his left hand to touch the top of a wall
a person sits on a chair and then gets up.
a person reaches to the right then left then right
a person standing still, raises their left arm to head height.
a person is walking forward, then turns around and puts their right hand on their hips.
a person walks in a clockwise direction.
the person is getting something to wash his hair.
a person puts his hands on his hips and flaps his arms like a chicken's wings.
a person walks backwards.
a person walks forward, turns around, and walks back.
a person standing still raises both hands out to the sides.
a person walks forward and then moves to the left
a person holds their arms out to their sides, raises them overhead, and then waves their arms back and forth.
a person is jogging in place.
a person holds both hands out in front of them, moving them around.
a person is moving something to the right.
a person walks forward and steps over something with his left foot.
a person stands still and moves slightly.
a person is running in place.
a person walks forward and then to the right.
a person is moving his hands around in front of him.
a person side steps to the left and then to the right.
a person walks forward in a clockwise circle.
the man walks in a figure 8 pattern.
a person waves with his right hand, then walks away, then turns around and walks back.
a person limps forwards in a clockwise direction.
a person is standing with their feet shoulder width apart and then raises both hands in the air.
a person walks forward in a straight line.
a person plays the violin.
a person holds something in front of them.
a person waves his hands and shakes them.
the person is boxing with their right arm.
a person holds his right arm up and then lowers it.
a person jumps up and spins around.
the person was walking forward, and then tripped over something with their right foot, but they regained their balance and continued walking.
a person walks forward, bends down, and holds something with both hands.
the man leans back on his right foot then jumps forward with his arms outstretched.
the person is moving something to the right.
a person runs to the right, then runs to left, then back to center
a person uses their right arm to push something in front of them.
a person jumps up and down.
a person kicks with their right foot.
a person walks forward and to the right and then stops.
a person walks in a clockwise circle, while dribbling a ball, then kicks the ball.
a person raises their right hand slightly and moves it back down.
the person is doing upper body warm up
the person walks forward and then picks something up.
a person falls to the left.
a person is dancing in a club.
a person picking up items from the ground and placing them to the side.
a person walks forward at a medium speed.
a person shakes their arms and hands in front of them.
a person is warming up with elbow circles.
a person raises their right hand up to their face.
a person is pushed to the right
a person is sitting down.
a person walks forward fast.
the person is getting ready to throw something.
a person is standing with both arms out to the sides.
a person picks something up with his right hand and pours it to the left.
a person with both hands in the air leans to the right and then the left.
a person picks something up with his right hand and pours it to his left.
a person raises their right hand slightly above their head.
the person is washing their hair.
a person is warming up their arms.
a person sits down with legs crossed, then gets back up.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person looks at their left wrist.
a person is sitting down, and then raises their arms up to the side of them.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle.
a person walks in a slow circle
a person jumps rope.
a person raises his right arm and waves.
a person holds up their right arm and jumps up and down.
a person takes a large step to the right and down.
a person is pushed backwards.
a person moves their hands and arms in a dancing motion
a person walks very slowly in a counterclockwise direction.
a person catches something and then throws it.
a person runs straight forward.
the person is walking in a clockwise circle.
a person running in place
the person is getting ready to wash their hair.
a person walks to the right, turns around, and then squats down.
a person walks forward, then turns around and jumps.
a person picks up something with both hands, tilts it on its side, and then sets it back down.
a person folds their arms in front of them.
a person does jumping jacks.
a person walks in a clockwise circle
a person raises their left arm up, then puts it back down.
a person walks to the left, walks back to the right and then jumps to the side.
a person crawls on the floor in a diagonal direction to the left.
a person reaches their left arm out in front of them, then reaches it back over their head and holds it.
the person was walking side to side to the right and then to the left.
a person walks to the left.
the person is walking forward.
a person stands and looks to the right.
a person is stretching and bending.
a person jumps up and turns backwards.
the person is throwing away some thing.
a person uses his right arm to stir something in a clockwise direction.
the person is sitting down.
a person is standing with their right foot forward, bending their left knee up to their chest, and back down, then repeats with their left foot forward.
the person is playing the violin.
the person is getting ready to fight.
a person jumps up and down repeatedly.
a person raises their right arm slightly above their left arm.
a person takes a step backwards with their right foot, then lifts their right arm up in front of them.
a person reaches their right arm out in front of them.
a person punches with their right hand
a person walks forward, then walks to the right.
a person takes a step forward, then reaches out with their right hand, followed by their left hand, before returning to their original position.
the person is standing still.
the man scratches his head
a person appears to be holding something, appears to ring a doorbell, then hands someone something.
a person throws something with their right hand
a person walks straight forward.
the person was walking sideways to the right.
a person raises both arms and claps.
the man kicks his right leg up to his left shoulder, then his left leg up.
the person is balancing on their right foot.
a person is standing with both hands raised to their sides.
a person kneels down and stands back up.
a person is standing still, then raises their right hand to their head and then lowers it, then waves with their left hand
a person stands still and then moves to the side.
a person sits down, puts their hands on their lap, and then stands back up.
a person walks forward, picks something up with both hands, and puts it down.
a person walks in a circle while holding something with their right hand.
the man walks forward and steps over something.
a person steps over something.
the person was doing a handstand.
a person raises his right arm, then turns around and raises the right arm.
the person was kicking with right and left
the person is picking up a bar of soap with his right hand.
the person is walking forward.
a person folds their arms and stands still.
the person is bending over with his right hand on his right knee and left hand stretching forward.
a person picks up an object and moves it to the side.
a person is standing, stretches to the right, and then to the left.
the person is doing the side winco dance
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle.
a person walks forward quickly.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person standing and moving hands
a person does a side kick with his right leg.
the man has his hands on his hips, and moves them to the front of his body.
a person stretches his right arm and right leg out to the side, then his left arm and left leg out.
the man walks in a circle.
the person is standing up and throwing something with his right arm.
a person is dancing with someone.
a person is standing and then sits down and then stands up.
a person standing in one spot
the person walks and jumps over the beam
the person is boxing upwards.
a person crawls forward then turns around and crawls back.
a person walks forward, turns around, and walks back.
a person sits down and puts his hands on his knees.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle.
a person walks in a counter clockwise circle.
a person walks slowly forward, turns around counterclockwise and walks back.
a person reaches with their left hand to uncork a bottle, then raises their hand to drink from the bottle.
a person throws something with their right hand.
a person slowly walked forward while leaning
a person walks in a clockwise circle.
a person balancing on one foot.
a person puts his right hand out and then puts it back.
a person sits down on a chair and then gets back up
a person who seems to be sitting down raises their left hand to their head and then waves with it
a person stands and raises their right arm in front of them
a person walks from right to left.
a person walks forward while holding on to something with both hands.
a person picks up an item with his right hand, then shakes it before putting it back down.
a person walks in a straight line downwards, using their right arm to balance.
a person pours something from the right into the left.
a person squats down while extending both hands in front of them.
a person brings his hands together and then lowers them to his sides.
a person walks slowly with his hands outstretched, shoulder height.
a person walks straight backwards.
a person holding their right arm with their left.
a person jumps and turns backwards.
a person walks forward at a medium speed.
a person sits down on the ground, crosses their legs, and then stands back up.
a person holds their hands in front of them.
a person jumps sideways, right then left, then left again.
a person walks forward and steps over something.
the person is walking up the stairs.
the person is using his right arm to do some work.
a person is sitting on the ground, then stands up and walks in a clockwise circle, and then sits down again.
a person jumps up and down on his left foot then his right foot.
a person walks forward swinging his arms, turns around and walks back.
a person bends over and holds his right knee.
a person holds both arms out in front of them, slightly bent, with elbows up.
a person raises their right arm then their left arm
a person runs in place then stops.
a person cleans something on the floor with his left hand.
a person lowers his arms from shoulder height and walks forward and then sits down.
a person stands still and waves with their right hand, then waves with both hands.
a person kicks something with his left foot.
a person throws something with their right hand.
a person is walking and then moving his body to the side
a person swings their right arm in a circular motion in front of them.
a person appears to be fishing
a person is walking up stairs
a person walks forward slowly.
a person reaches up and over their head with their right arm.
a person is moving their left hand in front of them.
the person is crawling around looking for something.
a person slowly walks forward.
a person raises both arms above their head
a person stands still, then moves their right hand up and down.
a person walks in place without changing their center of gravity
a person holds their arms out in front of them, moving them in a clockwise circle while leaning back and forth, and then puts their hands to their mouth as if they are laughing.
a person jumps to the right, then to the left, then back to the center.
a person throws something with their right hand.
a person doing star jumps.
a person stretches his right arm up and over his head, reaching towards his left hand.
a person walks in an arc to the right.
a person stands still and then throws an object with his right hand and then catches something with both hands.
a person walks forward while swinging their arms.
a person walks backwards.
a person walks slowly forward while swaying their arms
a person bends over and looks for something on the ground.
a person walks forward slowly while holding onto something with their right hand for support.
the person is moving his right hand
a person is balancing on their left foot and then switches to their right foot.
a person does jumping jacks.
a person swings both arms in an upward motion.
a person sits down, then stands up.
the person does a scamper then turns around and does it again
a person lowers their arms from shoulder height, then raises them back up.
a person walks forward in a straight line.
a person kicks their right leg back then forward.
the man has his arms out put them down and is moving his arms around
a person walks forward and then stops.
a person walks in a bending route to the right.
a person lifts both hands to chest level, shakes them, then lowers them.
a person doing karate kicks
a person waves both their hands in the air.
a person slowly moves backward then forward.
a person walks to the right.
a person walks forward while holding a hand rail.
a person walks backwards, then walks forward and kicks something with their right foot.
the person does jumping jacks.
a person sits down on the floor cross legged.
a person is walking in a clockwise circle, while slightly crouched.
the person is climbing up and down the stairs.
a person walks forward, then turns to the right.
a person walks in a zigzag pattern.
the person is doing a side kick.
a person picks something up and moves it to the right.
a person picks up an object, tilts it to the right, and then returns it.
a person throws something underhand before stepping back and raising their arms above their head.
the man walks from side to side in a counterclockwise circle.
a person balances on their left foot while moving their right foot back and forth.
a person standing still raises both hands up and back down.
the person was pushed but did not fall.
a person is dancing around with their hands up in the air.
a person standing with knees slightly bent and arms out to the side drops both hands to the knees and then raises them back up to the original position.
a person walks forward and then picks up and object with both hands.
a person jumps up and down while moving forward.
a person walks sideways to the right and then to the left.
a person is standing still.
a person throws something with their right arm.
a person walks forward slowly.
the man takes one step backward
a person walks forward.
a person standing still, raises their right hand to their face, and then lowers it.
a person jumps up and down on the spot.
a person is doing a dance.
the person walks forward then turns right and stops.
the man walks to the right then walks back.
a person walks in an arc to the right and then walks back in an opposite arc to their left.
a person quickly moves backwards.
the person is doing the moonwalk.
a person walks forward in a straight line.
a person jogs to the left, then to the right, then back to the center.
a person runs in a straight line.
a person walks forward and then turns around and walks back.
a person is standing still and raises their left hand slightly.
a person walks to the side.
a person dances with another person.
a person walks in a zig zag pattern.
a person is standing still, then raises his left arm to his side, then lowers it back down.
a person catches a ball, throws it back, then runs forward.
a person walks to the left.
a person walks slowly forward.
the person is jumping up and down.
a person walks forward while balancing something in their right hand.
a person puts both hands over their head, and stretches to the left and right.
a person holds his right arm out in front of him.
a person jumps straight forward.
the person is sitting down and then stands back up.
the person is doing upper body stretches.
a person picks up a suitcase with their right hand.
a person walks backwards, sits down, and then gets back up and walks forward.
a person carefully walks a tightrope or similar structure
a person stretching their back right hamstring.
a person steps to the left
the person does jumping jacks.
a person runs forward, turns around and runs back.
the person was shooting a free throw
a person walks forward while holding onto a hand rail with their right hand.
a person is squatting down while holding their right hand out in front of them.
the person kicks something with his right foot.
the person is walking around while holding something with both hands.
a person walks forward, picks something up with their right hand, and then walks back.
a person raises their right hand to their head and scratches their head.
the person is moving some thing from right to left.
the person is doing ballet twirls.
a person raises their arms to shoulder height and shakes them vigorously.
a person walks side to side, first to the right and then to the left
a person standing with both arms extended outwards and slightly upwards, moving their right hand back and forth.
a person reaches out and grabs something with their right hand.
a person walks to the right, then walks left, then repeats this motion.
a person throws something with both hands.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle.
the person is doing a comedian act.
a person raises their right hand to their face then waves it.
a person walks forward, bends down, and uses their right hand to wipe something off of their left hand.
a person leans over, picks up something with his right hand, rubs it on something, then sets it back down.
a person jumps up and down in place.
the person is walking sideways.
the person is on the phone with his right hand cupped.
the person is throwing something.
a person walks forward, turns around, and sits down on something with their arms hanging over the sides.
a person is pushed forward.
a person scratches his head.
a person walks forward, turns around and walks back while holding something in front of them.
a person walks forward, while holding on to something with his left hand.
a person walks forward, turns to the right, and walks back.
a person stands on the ground, rotating both arms in a clockwise direction, and then starts jumping up and down while still rotating the arms.
the person is driving.
the person hit the golf ball in a golf drive.
a person jogs in place.
a person reaches his right arm above his head, stretching to the left.
a person is cleaning something.
a person walks forward slowly, and then turns around.
a person lifts both hands over their head.
a person walks to the left and then to the right and then back to the original position.
a person walks in a straight line while holding onto a railing.
a person walks forward slowly.
the person is cold so they hug themselves.
a person picking up weights with both hands.
a person standing and moving hands in a circular motion
the person threw something underhand.
a person holds their hands in front of their face and jabs at an unseen target.
a person bends down and crawls forward on their hands and knees.
a person puts both hands on their waist and begins dancing.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person walks forward and turns around to go back.
a person runs forward.
a person walks forward confidently.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person reaches forward with his right hand, picks up a sponge, then washes a car
a person is playing the guitar
a person picks up an item with both hands and places it to the left.
a person picks up an object from waist high on the right side, and then gently sets it down on the left side.
the person is standing still.
a person stands still and raises their arms to the side.
a person walks forward and picks up an object with both hands.
a person walks forward.
a person walks forward confidently.
a person throws something with their right hand and catches something with both hands.
a person twists their right foot around their left leg while balancing on their left foot.
a person picks something up off the ground, then throws it in a half circle to the left.
the person is walking with their hand on something to guide them
a person throws something with their left hand.
a person walks forward and gets in a car accident
the person is walking straight forward.
a person walks forward and picks up two items.
a person is standing and moves their right hand around in front of them.
a person is walking slowly forward.
a person picks up an object from the left side, and gently sets it down on the right side.
a person is standing with their arms bent, in front of them.
a person walks from right to left and back again.
a person throws something with their left hand.
a person puts both arms down to his side.
a person is squatting down with their knees up, then raises their arms out to the side
a person raises both arms shoulder height and then puts them back down.
the man walks to the right and then stops.
a person runs forward.
a person walks to the right and walks back to the left.
a person walks in an arc to the right.
a person walks forward and then picks something up with both hands.
a person is standing with his arms up.
a person standing still and then lifts arms out to side.
a person runs in place.
a person swings his arm across his body to the right.
a person raises and lowers their left arm repeatedly while moving their right arm back and forth.
the man is leaning over.
a person walks forward, reaches out with their right hand, and begins mixing something in front of them.
a person is stretching their upper body and back.
a person kicks their right foot forward.
the person is walking a tightrope
the person is throwing something.
a person throws punches with their right and left hands.
a person gets up from sitting down
a person swings a golf club.
a person walks forward, then lifts something heavy with both hands.
a person walks in a counterclockwise direction
a person is standing and moves their head from side to side and then back.
a person walks in a counter clockwise circle.
a person brings both hands together in front of their chest, then bends at the knees, and finally rises back up.
the person walks backwards.
a person walks straight forward
a person walks forward and picks up an item.
a person jogs to the right, then to the left, then back to the centre
a person is holding a small dog on a leash, and they are standing still, looking around.
the person was facing forward and then turned around and is walking backwards.
a person standing on the ground while moving his right foot and right hand in the air
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle.
a person walks to the right then walks backwards then walsk to the left
a person runs in a half circle
a person is wiping something with his right hand
a person walks forward slowly.
a person moves something from the left to the right
the person takes a big step to the side.
a person has their arms outstretched and then brings them down and reaches forwards with their right arm.
a person walks to the left.
a person walks forward then turns around and walks back.
a person picks up their violin and starts playing.
the person is walking forward.
the person walks forward then turns to the left.
a person is standing with arms slightly out to the sides.
a person does jumping jacks
a person walks in a counter clockwise circle.
a person does jumping jacks.
a person waves with their right hand.
a person waves with their right hand.
the person is bending over holding his hands in front of him.
a person goes on all fours, crawls forward, and then stands up.
a person punches the air with his right arm, then does a side shuffle.
a person walks around looking for something.
the person is crawling around.
a person standing, brings arms up to chest height and then brings them back down to side.
a person standing and moving hands
a person holds something with both hands and punches with his right hand repeatedly.
a person walks to the left.
a person steps forward while extending their right arm.
a person sits down on the floor, crosses their legs and then stands back up.
a person walks to the left.
a person walks in a zigzag pattern.
the person is walking and then trips over something.
a person crosses their arms in front of them.
a person swings a golf club in a golf drive.
a person walks forward then backwards then forward again
a person runs forward, turns right and runs.
a person side steps to the right then side steps back to the left.
a person is using a touch screen
a person walks forward slowly while looking over his right shoulder.
a person throws something with their right hand
a person jumps up and down.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person picks something up with their right hand, walks to the right, and then picks up something with their left hand.
a person takes a step forward, then raises their right hand up and out, while their left hand goes out in front of them, then back, then up and back again.
a person walks straight backwards.
a person runs forward.
the person was pushed to the right but did not fall down.
a person throws something with his right hand.
a person walks forward and to the right.
a person walks forward and then turns around.
a person raises both hands to their chest and then extends their right hand forward
a person scratches their head with their right hand.
a person picking something up and moving it to the side.
a person throws something with their left hand.
a person walks straight forward
a person raises their right arm and points with their index finger.
a person uses both hands to wash their body.
the person is walking back and forth
the person is walking back and forth.
a person walks right to left and then left to right.
a person brings his arms down to his sides and then turns his head to the right and left.
a person does jumping jacks.
a person walks forward at a medium pace.
a person raises their arms out to the sides, and then raises them up.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person walks forward swinging their arms, turns around and repeats.
a person picks up something with both hands and sets it to the right.
a person lifts both arms up and down in a bending motion.
a person walks in a counter clockwise circle.
a person raises their right hand slightly above their head.
a person reaches right hand forward
a person turns to their right and then to their left.
the person was pushed to the left but did not fall.
the person is playing tennis
the person is washing their hair.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person holds their hands up in front of them, and moves them from side to side, while their feet move back and forth.
a person walks forward, turns around, and walks back.
a person puts his hands on his hips and then puts them back down.
a person waves with their right hand.
a person slowly turns to their right.
the person was doing arm circles.
a person walks forward and picks something up off the ground with his right hand.
a person throws something with their right hand.
a person walks upstairs
a person jogs in place, moving their legs and arms slightly.
the person is doing arm circles in a reverse motion.
a person raises their right hand to their face.
a person walks up steps.
a person crosses his legs and then uncrosses them.
a person walks in place.
a person imitates a chicken
a person walks slowly forward.
a person holds something in his right hand, then steps forward and turns around.
a person sits down and crosses their legs, then stands back up.
a person walks straight forward
a person does jumping jacks.
a person throws something with his right hand.
the man throws something with his right hand.
a person walks in a circular path, clockwise.
the person is jumping forward.
a person picks up an item with both hands and pours it to the left and sets it back down.
a person raises their left hand to their head in a scratching motion.
a person ducks to the right while moving their legs to the side.
a person slowly walked forward in right direction
a person takes two steps to their left, then sits down and picks up a phone, then gets back up to walk again.
a person standing still and then moving
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle
a person walks forward slowly, turns around and walks back.
a person takes a step to the right.
a person jumps forward and lands on both feet.
a person holds something with their right hand and gestures with their left hand
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle.
a person is doing push up.
the person is walking forward and avoiding something
the person is clapping his hands
a person raises both hands and claps them together.
a person side steps quickly to the left.
a person reaches his right hand down to pick up something, and then his left hand, before putting them back down.
the person is doing some thing with his right hand.
a person looks around then moves right hand in front of face.
a person standing, raises both hands together in front of their chest, then rubs hands together.
a person raises their arms to the side and then above their head.
a person throws a ball.
a person throws something with his right hand.
the person was walking forward and then tripped over something.
a person sits down and then gets back up.
the person was pretending to be a monkey.
a person walks forward at a moderate pace.
a person stands still and puts both hands up to their face.
a person walks forward, picks up an item with both hands, then turns around and sets it down.
a person is standing still, and then brings their hands together to rub their hands.
a person walks to the left then walks back to the right.
a person raised the hands
a person walks forward slowly in place.
a person sits down and then rubs his right knee
a person is moving his upper body in a circular motion.
a person is running in place, stops and gets on all fours, then crawls forward, then stands up.
the person is sitting down on the ground.
a person is laying down, then gets up to a standing position.
a person walks forward quickly.
a person walks forward, leans down with his right hand on his right knee and his left hand stretching forward.
a person has arms raised, then lowers them to his sides, then raises them again
a person walks forward quickly.
a person walks forward, picks something up with his right hand, and pours it in a bowl.
a person rotating right leg to side and then left leg to back
a person balances on their right foot and swings their left leg out to the side.
the person was pushed from the right but did not fall.
a person throws several punches with their right hand.
a person turns and waves his arms.
a person walks around looking for something
a person sits down and then stands up again.
a person steps backwards, then lowers themselves into a crawl and crawls forwards.
a person raises their right hand up and down.
a person is running forward.
a person walks in a circle.
a person walks straight backwards
a person walks forward then turns around to walk back.
a person walks in a circular motion to the left.
a person throws a ball or soemthing with their right hand.
the person is lifting something up with both hands.
a person uses their right arm to point forward.
the person is washing his hair.
a person raises their right hand up to their face.
a person lifts their arms up and over their head while balancing on their toes.
a person grabbed something and hit with it
a person puts both hands on his hips and then puts his arms out.
the person is playing golf.
a person uses their right hand to twist open an object that is in their left hand, then consumes it in their mouth.
a person sits down, puts his hands on his hips and then rises again
a person jogs forward.
a person jumps up and down.
a person walks to the right.
a person bends down and picks up something with both hands.
a person bows their head forward, and bows again with a slight bow.
a person kicks something with their right foot, then does a high kick with their left foot.
the person is jogging in place.
a person standing still with both arms raised.
a person walks forward, then trips over something and almost falls, then he catches his balance and walks on.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle.
a person runs forward.
a person balancing on their right foot, then balancing alternating feet.
a person waves with their right hand.
a person standing still, waves their right hand.
a person picks up an object and tilts it to the right, then sets it back in place.
the person kicks their left foot backward.
a person walks in place
a person swings both hands in an arc over their right shoulder.
a person runs backwards quickly.
a person walks forward and then stops.
the man is standing still and then raises his left hand to wave.
a person walks forward.
a person picks something up with both hands and moves it to the right, then picks another thing up with his right hand.
a person walks in a clockwise circle.
a person walks forward while swaying his hips from side to side.
a person is moving something from the right to the left.
a person walks backwards in a straight line.
a person walks forward and upwards
a person walks in a clockwise circle
a person running in a right curve
a person walks forward slowly.
a person walks up and then down the stairs
a person walks forward and stumbles to their right.
a person jumps up and down twice
a person walks forward slowly while steadying themselves with their right hand on something stationary.
a person walks forward at a moderate speed.
a person walks forward and then stops.
the person is moving his right foot around.
a person walks up a set of stairs and then back down.
a person raises their arms above their head.
a person walks forward in a straight line.
a person walks in a clockwise circle.
a person takes a step to the left
a person walks in a clockwise direction
a person walks slowly while balancing
a person is moving their hands around.
a person steps forward and kicks with their right foot.
a person walks in a circle, while moving to the left.
a person crosses their arms
the person is squatting with their arms up over their head.
a person does jumping jacks, then does alternating jump lunges, then comes to a stop.
a person reaches out with their right hand and moves it in a clockwise circle.
a person claps his hands
a person raises their right arm to wave five times.
a person throws something underhand with their left arm.
a person walks to the right, walks back to the left and then walks all the way to the end of the room.
the person is doing the stretching arms.
a person holds something in his right hand and rotates his left hand over it.
a person kicks with his left foot then stands still.
a person is holding something in front of them.
a person walks forward, picks up something with their right hand, and then walks backwards.
a person walks forward and then turns around to walk back.
a person walks to the left.
a person reaches out with their left hand to grab something, then proceeds to wash it with their right hand, before gently setting it back down.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle
a person sitting down with both hands around a sandwich.
a person walks around in a circle.
a person jumps up and spins around.
a person is dancing around.
a person holds both hands above their head and bends at the knees.
a person stands up from sitting on the ground.
a person kicks with their left foot.
a person walks forward and to the side.
a person sits down in a chair.
a person walks backwards in a circular motion.
the man jumps up and down once.
a person is dancing around.
a person jumps and spins in a counterclockwise direction, and then walks backwards.
a person throws something with their right hand
a person reaches their left arm over their head.
the man is standing still then puts his arms up.
a person stands with arms slightly bent, holding handlebars.
the person is doing arm circles.
the person is stirring something with his right hand.
the person is bending over like a bow.
a person takes a step backward, sits down and crosses his arms.
the person is washing his hands.
a person holds up both hands and walks in a waltz.
a person does a 360-degree jump turn.
a person raises their right arm to their head.
a person reaches out in front of them with their right hand, then turns to the left and repeats the motion.
a person runs forward quickly.
a person turns to his right and kicks his right foot back then kicks it forward.
a person is making small gestures with their hands and then shaking their hands.
a person is leaning down with their hands on their knees, then straightens back up.
a person stands with arms slightly bent and hands up, as if holding dumbbells.
a person walks forward, turns around and walks back.
a person walks forward and to the left.
a person picking up an item and then placing it down.
a person walks in a clockwise direction.
the man is walking side to side.
a person kneels down on their right knee.
the person is walking around.
a person walks sideways back and forth.
a person walks in an s pattern with his right hand on something.
a person is dancing with their arms up in the air and then does a side step to the left.
a person gets on their hands and knees and crawls around
a person stretches both arms.
a person is standing still with their arms slightly out to their sides.
a person walks around while holding an object on their head.
a person walks forward, then steps to the side and walks back.
a person walks forward then moves right to left then left to right.
a person slowly walked forward
a person ducks under something and sits down.
a person walks forward at a normal pace.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person walks backwards, crouches and runs forward.
a person runs in place then stops.
a person is cleaning a window.
a person walks forward and then stops.
a person standing with arms out to the side.
a person slowly walked forward
a person climbs up something while holding on with both hands and then climbs back down.
a person reaches their right arm up and over their head, stretching to the left, then stretches to the right.
a person runs in place
a person bends down to pick up something, then walks forward.
a person is standing and then puts both hands on their hips.
a person moves arms and upper body to the right and left in a rhythmic fashion.
a person rotates something in front of them with their left hand.
a person walks forward while holding on to something with his right hand.
a person jogs in place.
a person raises their left arm and points with their index finger.
a person bends over and picks up an object with both hands, then walks in a clockwise circle.
a person walks slowly forward.
the person is sitting down and then gets up to walk away.
a person walks backwards slowly.
the person is standing and looking at his watch for something.
a person picks up an item from the ground
a person reaches down with their right arm and lifts an object to their mouth, before sitting down.
the person is salting/cutting his food.
a person is sitting down with their right hand near their face.
a person is running in place.
a person claps their hands and then walks forward.
a person is shooting a free throw
a person stretches their right arm out in front of them.
a person jumps up and spins in a clockwise circle.
a person walks in a circle while holding their right arm out.
the person is walking around with something.
a person leans on something with their right hand.
a person is holding both arms out to his sides, then lowers them, and with his left hand pushes forward in front of him several times.
a person picks up an item with both hands, then raises it up.
a person steps forward and lifts something with both hands, while kneeling down.
a person jumps in place and then dodge something.
a person is walking around.
a person throws something with his left hand and then kicks something with their right foot.
the person was rubbing his torso
a person rotates their arms in and out.
a person throws something with his left hand.
the person is standing still and moving their arms.
a person hops up and down on one leg.
a person runs forward.
a person reaches forward with their left hand, throws it outward with force, then reaches forward again with their right hand, throwing it out with force.
a person does the chicken dance.
a person appears to be throwing something.
a person walks forward down stairs.
the person is looking at his hands.
the person was spun in a circle.
the person was doing jump lunges
a person raises his arms and hands to the side, elbows bent, and moves them back and forth.
a person looks at something in their left hand.
a person walks forward, then turns around and walks back.
a person is standing still, then slightly sways from side to side.
a person walks forward.
a person is doing push-ups
a person walks up four steps.
a person is pushed to the right
a person walks forward.
a person holds something with his left hand and uses his right hand to mix it
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle, while holding their arms out to their sides.
a person is doing the macarena dance.
a person stretching their back right hamstring.
the man claps his hands.
a person walks to the left.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle.
a person is running downhill.
a person is standing still and then raises their right arm.
a person raises their arms to the front of them in a curling motion.
a person is using a touch screen
a person reaches to the left and picks up a bowl then proceeds to pour the contents out.
a person walks forward, turns around and walks back.
a person is jogging in place.
a person kicks something with his left leg.
a person walks forward then turns and walks backward.
a person walks backwards carefully.
the person is sitting down and moves his right hand.
a person walks to the right, and then uses both hands to push away something.
a person throws something with their right hand then throws something else with their left hand.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle.
a person jumps forward.
a person stands up from the floor on their left foot.
a person grabbed something and put it down
a person is moving something to the side.
a person sits down and then stands back up.
a person does jumping jacks.
the person is moving around his hands.
a person raises their arms in front of them and then moves them back and forth.
a person steps over something
a person plays the guitar with their right hand
the person is doing a t-pose
a person throws an object with their left hand
a person throws something with their left hand, then catches something with both hands.
a person stretches their arms and then walks in a clockwise direction.
the person is checking what time it is on their watch.
a person walks forward and then turns to the right and then walks back.
a person walks forward and then turns around to walk back.
a person walks backwards then walks forwards.
a person is doing ballet moves.
the person is walking around.
a person holds his hands to his face.
the person is walking back and forth
a person balancing on his right foot, while his left foot is in the air.
a person walks forward and bends over to pick up something heavy, then walks back to the starting point.
a person moves his upper body to the right and left.
a person walks forward and then quickly moves to the left and then stands still.
the person ducks to the right.
a person is sitting on a stool.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle.
a person stretches his arms and back.
a person drinks from a cup in their left hand.
the person is cleaning a window.
a person moves their hips back and forth while moving their arms up and down, before walking forward and then stopping.
the person was looking for something to drink.
a person side steps to the right then side steps back to the left
a person jumps and turns to the right.
a person reaches their right hand out in front of them, then reaches it up and over to the right side of their head, before reaching it up to the left side of the head, and then bringing the hand back down to the front.
a person stands still then moves to the left.
a person checks their watch for the time.
the person is balancing on their left foot and then balancing with both feet.
the person is standing still and moving their hands around.
a person lifts his left arm up to his head and then back down.
a person stretches their arms in front of them, then stretcht them to the side.
a person is balancing on their right foot, with their arms raised to their sides.
a person is standing with their hands slightly elevated and moving them in a circular motion.
a person stands and then grabs something with his left hand
the person threw something with his right hand.
a person holds their hands up to their face and throws something with their right hand.
a person walks sideways to the left and then to the right
a person walks forward, picks up something with both hands, and then turns around to walk back.
a person walks straight forward.
a person crouches low, sits down on the floor and crosses his legs.
a person is crawling on the floor and then stands up.
a person uses their right hand to lift weights up and down.
a person walks forward with their arms swaying slightly.
a person standing still while holding something in front of him.
a person kicks something with his left foot.
a person is wiping something with their right hand
a person walks forward at fast pace.
a person walks forward, then moves something with his left hand.
a person plays an imaginary guitar with their right hand.
a person walks to the right, walks back to the left, and then walks forward.
a person grabbed something with hands and put it down
a person walks forward then turns around and walks back.
a person claps their hands then walks to the right and sits down.
a person appears to be driving.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle.
a person walks straight forward
a person jumps and turns backwards.
a person jumps up and down.
a person walks forward, then leans over and picks something up with his right hand.
the person walks forward then turns around.
a person stands still and then takes one step to the side.
a person crosses his arms and then uncrosses them.
a person walks forward in an arc to the left.
a person throws something with their left hand
a person stands in place, then turns to the right, then to the left, then back to the original position.
a person raises his right hand and lowers it.
a person runs forward quickly.
a person walks forward and then turns around
a person walks to the left then walks back to the right.
a person turns to the side and begins to fight.
a person jumps up in the air.
a person walks forward slowly.
the person is doing a fight
a person drops their arms from shoulder height, and then raises their right hand to their mouth
a person side steps to the left and then to the right.
a person stretching both arms up and over his head
a person waves his hands around in front of him.
a person reaches out and grabs something with their right hand.
a person walks forward and lifts something with both hands and then places it back down and walks back to starting position.
a person waves both hands in the air.
a person jumps to the left.
a person throws something with their right hand.
a person balancing on their right foot, before alternating to their left foot.
a person does jumping jacks.
a person takes one step to the side, then takes a step back.
the person was doing a side split.
a person walks in a circle
a person walks forward slowly.
a person throws a right punch.
the person walks in a clockwise circle.
the man jumps up and down then walks forward.
a person sits down with legs crossed.
a person shake hands with someone and then move something with left hand
the person is picking up some thing and putting it down.
a person jumps forward once.
a person walks slowly forward.
the man side steps to the right and then to the left.
a person throws something with their left hand and catches something with both hands.
a person picks up something with his right hand, places it on his right shoulder, then his left shoulder, and finally his left hand.
a person walks forward then turns around.
a person raises both arms above their head.
a person walks straight forward.
a person walks straight backwards.
person is making chicken wings
a person hops in place while keeping their arms out.
a person jumps up and down in the same spot
a person raises their right arm up towards their head.
a person walks forward, spins on their right foot and walks back
a person walks forward, then throws something with his right hand.
a person is standing in place and stretching his left arm.
a person eating something while sitting
a person steps to the side.
a person does jumping jacks and then kicks something with their right leg.
a person raises their left arm and pours something with their left hand.
a person brings his hands up to his head, bends over, and then raises his hands to his face.
a person takes a small jump forward.
a person sits down, crosses their legs, and then stands back up.
the man walks forwards slowly and carefully.
a person stands with arms up, and moves from side to side.
a person does a dance move and kicks something with their right leg.
a person moves to the side and punches with their left hand.
a person walks slowly while holding onto a rail.
a person folds their arms then lowers them.
a person is using a touch screen
a person raises their right arm and twists it to the left.
a person raises their left arm to their face.
a person standing on the ground with legs slightly bent.
a person walks forward and then turns around and walks back.
a person walks forward at a slow pace.
a person runs forwards.
a person marches forward, turns around, and marches back.
a person does jumping jacks.
a person throws something to their left.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person crosses their arms in front of them.
a person picks something up and pours it to their left.
a person standing on their right foot and alternating to their left foot.
the man swims the butterfly.
a person walks forward at a slow pace.
a person jogs at a fast pace.
a person throws something with their right hand.
a person throws an object with their left hand.
a person is standing still and then puts their hands up to their face and back down again.
a person dancing to a fast pace music.
a person lowers his arms from shoulder height
a person walks forward then spins around to go back.
a person bends over, puts both hands on something, then walks slowly forward, and stops.
the person hit a ball with his right arm.
the person walks forward and turns around to go back.
a person reaches down with his left hand and picks up a phone.
a person holds their hands up to their face and looks around while pecking their neck like a chicken.
a person is looking around.
a person walks while holding on to something with his right hand.
a person bends at the knees with arms up
a person walks slowly from side to side.
a person walks forward then moves something with his left hand.
a person walks forward, sits down, and then puts his hands on his hips.
a person holds something in his right hand, raises it to his mouth, and then lowers it.
a person walks forward while swinging their arms.
a person slowly raises their arms up and over their head, stretching to the right.
a person walks forward then turns to the right and walks back.
a person sits down on the floor cross legged, then stands back up.
a person does a right leg kick
a person spins and kicks out their right leg.
the man walks to the left turns around and walks back.
a person picks up something from the ground with their right hand, cradles it in their left hand, and then raises their right arm up to their face.
a person slowly walked forward in right direction and after in left direction
a person throws something with their right arm then throws something
a person walks down someithing while balancing with his left hand.
a person who is standing with his hands out from his sides lowers his hands to his sides.
the person is walking forward then trips over something.
a person walks in an arc to the left.
a person puts both of his hands up to his face while slightly bending his knees up and down.
a person brings his arms together in front of him and lowers them to his sides.
the person is doing a handshake
a person walks forward in a slight right direction.
the man walks forward and then backwards.
a person walks forward, then turns around and walks back.
a person walks forward and sits down in a chair.
a person kicks something with their left foot.
a person crosses their arms and then lowers them.
a person lifts something with both hands over their head, and then raises their right hand to scratch their head.
a person walks forward quickly.
the person is sitting down with his hands near his face.
a person walks forward while holding onto a rail.
a person walks forward, stumbles slightly, then recovers and continues walking.
a person runs forward.
a person walks straight forward then turns to the left.
a person walks forward and turns around and does a cartwheel.
a person kicks their right foot.
a person walks forward then bends at the knees.
a person raises their left hand and then moves it around.
a person kicks their left foot forward then their right foot forward.
a person waves with their left hand.
a person crosses their arms then unfolds them.
the person was picking up children's toys and putting them away.
a person raises their left arm and points with their index finger.
a person reaches their right arm up and over their head, stretching towards their left arm.
a person is moving their arms around.
a person reaches his right hand forward and kicks his right foot out in front of him, then raises his right arm to the side.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides reaches his right arm across his body to touch his left hand.
a person uses his hands to clean a window.
a person leans backward and lifts their right leg, balancing on one foot, before leaning forward and returning to a standing position.
a person jogs in a clockwise direction in a circle.
a person turns to the right, then sits down and places his hands on his knees.
the man walks forward and is pushed back by something and then he continues walking forward.
a person runs forward, leaps and lands on their feet.
a person runs forward, turns around and runs back.
a person walks forward and trips.
a person lifts a weight with their right hand
a person jumps forward once.
a person holds their hands up and then brings them down.
a person raises their left arm to their mouth.
a person walks left then right then left.
a person catches then throws something.
a person jumps up and down on his right foot.
a person walks forward at a fast pace.
a person is walking around then kicks something with their right foot.
the man curls both arms up and down twice.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person is using a vacuum cleaner
a person walks forward.
a person walks in a clockwise direction.
a person walks to the right.
a person leans on their right foot while lifting their right arm up and over their head, stretching towards their left foot.
a person stands still with their arms out to the sides and slightly bent at the elbow.
a person jumps up and down on the spot, while alternating their legs.
a person walks backwards then walks forward and trips.
a person reaches their right arm across their body towards their left arm.
a person standing up puts their left hand out and in front of them.
a person walks forward, and sits down on something.
a person is stirring something in a bowl
a person picks up something and pours it to the right and sets it back down.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person rotating left arm in and out.
the person is walking in a figure 8 pattern.
a person walks up stairs.
a person holds both arms out and then puts them down.
a person does the chicken dance.
a person puts his hands out and moves them.
the person is jumping up and down.
a person is sitting down, then stands up, and finally sits back down.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle.
a person stretches arms in front of them.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle.
a person walks forward while using their left hand to hold on to something to guide them.
a person is doing alternating lunges.
a person walks forward, then turns around and walks back.
a person walks to the left and then walks back to the right.
a person walks backwards.
a person walks slowly while holding onto something with both hands.
a person runs forward at a normal pace.
a person picks up something with both hands, tilts it to the left, and then sets it back down.
a person walks forward slowly.
the man is lifting weights
a person steps back and then sits down in a chair
a person walks forward then turns around to walk back
a person raises their arms from their sides and then puts them down.
a person walks straight backwards.
a person walks forward then stops
a person stands and moves in a strange manner.
a person standing still and then raises both arms outwards.
a person squats down while their arms are in the air.
a person picks up something with both hands, tilts it to the right, and sets it back down.
a person is walking and then trips over something.
a person uses his right hand to open something and then uses his left hand to eat it.
a person walks forward then turns around to walk back.
the person is walking in a circle
a person takes a step forward, then turns around and takes another step.
a person walks to the side then walks back.
a person lifts weights with both arms
a person steps to the right and then steps to left.
a person walks forward and then stops.
a person walks forward, then trips over something and lifts it with both hands.
the person is boxing with someone.
a person takes a step forward and reaches out with their left hand to grasp something, then raises their right hand to touch it, and then brings their hands together.
a person turns to the right, and then turns around.
the person is stretching his arms and back.
a person walks forward and to the right.
a person is balancing on their left foot while alternating back and forth.
a person jogs at a normal pace.
the person is walking around and then lays down.
a person jumps forward one step.
a person stretches his left arm across his body to his right arm, then stretcht his right hand forward.
a person walks forwards with their arms slightly bent.
a person sits down, then puts their hands behind them, and finally puts their legs behind them.
a person steps backwards, sideways, then stops.
a person is drinking something.
a person walks slowly forward and climbs up a flight of stairs.
a person walks forward then picks up an item from the ground.
a person picks something up with their left hand, turns around and uses it.
a person walks straight backwards.
a person walks backwards.
a person throws something with their left hand
a person walks forward, turns around to the left and walks back.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle.
a person walks straight forward.
a person holds their arms out and moves in a side to side motion
a person runs and jumps in the air.
the person is moving his left arm
the person is dancing around.
a person walks forward and then stops.
a person picking something up and moving it to the side
a person walks forward, bows to the right, and then bows again to the left.
a person raises their left arm out in front of them.
a person walks to the left then turns around and walks back.
a person quickly steps backwards with their right foot, while their left foot follows quickly behind.
a person picks up an item with their right hand, and cradles it with both hands.
a person is standing still and shaking their shoulders.
a person walks forward and then turns around and walks back.
a person walks forward and stumbles slightly.
a person walks to the right, then sits down, folds his hands in his lap, and then stands up.
a person raises both hands up to their shoulders.
a person does jumping jacks.
a person walks forward and slightly to the right.
a person walks forward while balancing on a line
a person throws something with his right hand then catches something with both hands
a person walks forward slowly.
a person dances around backwards.
a person walks forward at a steady pace.
a person standing and tilting his head to the left and then to the right.
the person is walking while holding on to something.
a person picks up an item with both hands and carefully places it in a new location.
a person bends over and puts their hands on their waist while flapping their elbows.
a person is fishing with his right arm.
a person walks forward and then turns around to walk back.
a person bends down to the right, with hands in front of them.
a person walks forward, spins around and walks back.
a person runs in place
a person squats with their arms extended above their head.
a person throws something with his right hand.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person standing with both arms slightly bent and hands held out to the sides.
a person walks forward at a moderate speed.
a person walks in a half circle while holding their arms out like they are carrying something.
a person steps forward with their right foot and then crouches down to the ground.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person runs forward.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle.
a person turns to the left and then quickly back to the right.
a person walks in a clockwise circle while using their right hand to hold on to something stationary to guide them.
a person is doing a front kick with their left leg.
the person walks in a straight line.
a person raises both arms above their head, in a stretching motion.
a person raises both hands to their face and then lowers them
the man walks down the ramp.
a person walks in a counter clockwise circle.
a person walks in a clockwise direction to complete a circle.
a person walks forward and climbs up something on the right side with their hands.
a person gets on all fours and crawls.
a person is walking upstairs
a person steps back then reaches forward.
a person is throwing something with their left hand.
a person twisting at the waist and then bending forward.
a person takes a large step to the left.
a person turns around and walks away.
a person does ballet twirls
a person walks forward then jumps up and down.
a person runs in a circle.
a person picks up an item with both hands.
the person is doing front kicks.
a person jumps backwards and holds their arms up.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle.
a person runs forwards quickly.
a person walks forward in a normal pace.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person takes a step to the right, then sits down, then gets back up.
a person stands still with arms out to the sides.
a person is throwing something.
a person raises their left hand slightly above their shoulder.
a person holds a drink in their left hand, brings it to their lips, and takes a sip.
a person holds their head in their left hand and looks to their right.
the person is looking around and then gets on all fours.
the man walks forward then clasps his hands together
a person steps backwards while raising their hands up.
a person uses their right hand to move in a circular motion in front of them
a person swings both arms to the right side.
a person walks backwards carefully.
a person walks to the right, picks up something with his left hand, then walks back and picks something up with his right hand.
a person is standing up with their right arm extended above their head
a person walks forward, then jumps quickly to the left, then stops.
a person walks forward then turns around and walks back.
a person is moving their hands back and forth
a person is pushed backward
a person picks up an object with both hands and places it down to their right.
a person walks backwards.
the man walks backwards
a person is playing a violin.
a person runs forward.
a person holds his arms out in front of him and walks forward.
a person scratches his head with his left hand
the person is balancing on their left foot.
a person throws a few punches, then kicks something with their left foot.
the person is walking forward and then back.
a person walks forward quickly then turns around and walks back.
a person leans forward and picks up an item with his left hand, turns to the right, and sets the item down.
a person reaches out in front of them with their left hand, and then brings it back to their side.
a person reaches their right arm out in front of them, twisting their torso slightly to do so.
a person picks up a sponge with their left hand and washes a car.
a person is shooting a bow and arrow.
a person walks forward while using their arms to hold on to something to guide them.
a person quickly steps to the side.
a person walks in a clockwise circle
a person is sitting, and using his right arm to gesture.
a person walks forward, stumbling slightly to the right.
a person puts his hands on his hips and bends forward.
a person walks forward, turns right and walks in a clockwise circle.
a person walks forward and jumps.
a person walks forward then stops and points with his left index finger.
a person walks forward at a medium pace.
the man runs forward and then runs to his right.
a person puts both hands out in front of him and moves them in a scratching motion.
a person walks forward and picks up an object with their right hand.
a person eating something in front of them.
a person steps to the right.
a person does a dance.
a person walks forward.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle
a person walks down stairs quickly.
a person holds something in their right hand and moves it around.
a person has both arms extended outward, and then moves them in a circle.
a person jumps to the right.
the person is walking back and forth.
a person walks forward while holding their arms out in a "t" position.
a person is standing still, sways slightly from left to right.
a person throws something with their right arm.
a person walks to the left, then stops and raises their left arm up in front of them, and finally lowers it down to their side.
a person who seems to be looking around.
a person is throwing something with his right hand.
the person walks in a counter clockwise circle.
a person does jumping jacks.
a person swings his arms around while moving his body.
a person is moving around in a circular motion.
a person walks straight forward.
a person turns around and walks backwards, then turns around to walk backwards again.
a person reaches their right arm out in front of them, then reaches their left arm out to the side, then brings both arms out in a reaching motion in front.
a person is holding both hands on his knees.
the person is washing the window
a person runs around in a clockwise circle.
a person takes a step backward and then sits down, placing his hands on his knees.
a person walks quickly forward.
a person raises his hands to his face and lowers them, then raises them to his head and low
a person walks forward in a straight line.
a person bends over and moves something with his hands
the person is throwing something with their left hand
a person reaches forward with his right hand and gestures as if he is placing something on a counter.
the person was walking forward and then trips over something
a person walks forward then turns to the left and walks again.
a person walks forward, then turns to the right and walks back.
a person jumps in place twice.
a person raises both their hands to the top of their head.
a person falls to the right but recovers
a person walks forward in a straight line.
a person picks up an item with their right hand and walks to their left.
a person leans over and picks up an object with their right hand, then shakes it, before placing it back down.
a person slowly walked forward upstairs
a person is pushed slightly forward.
a person walks in a zig zag to the right.
the person is walking forward.
a person is stretching their arms out in front of them.
a person steps to the side with his left foot and then his right foot.
a person jumps sideways to the right.
a person moves their right arm in and out in front of them.
a person scratches his head.
a person walks down a set of stairs.
a person stands forward and puts his hands on his hips.
a person raises both hands up and then down.
a person walks forward, steps over something, and then squats down to pick up and move something with both hands.
a person walks forward while holding their arms up.
a person picks something up and pours it to the left.
a person jumps up and down on the spot.
a person raises their right arm in front of them.
the person is boxing right to left.
a person throws something with their right arm, then jumps and turns backwards.
a person stands up from a kneeling position.
a person bends down and stands back up.
a person walks in a left turn
a person is moving arms and bending over.
a person throws something with their right hand
a person walks forward and stops.
a person walks forward while turning his upper body to look back over his right shoulder, then left, then right again.
a person crosses their arms and then unfolds them.
a person walks forward quickly.
a person throws an object with their left hand.
a person runs straight forward.
a person throws something underhand before moving to overhand, then throws something overhand
a person dances with someone.
a person kicks their left foot up.
a person jogs forward.
a person walks forward, turns and walks back.
a person holds up both hands to their face and slightly waivers.
a person walks forward, then moves side to side.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle.
a person walks in a clockwise half circle.
a person swings both arms forward and then backward.
a person is doing stretching exercises.
a person walks and turn right
the person walks backwards, walks forwards, and then walks back again.
a person is doing a side to side motion with his arms and hands.
a person reaches forward with their left hand, then places it back at their side.
the person is sitting down and driving.
the person was walking in a circle.
a person picks something up and tilts it to the right, and then tilts to the left.
a person uses both hands to make a circular motion in front of them, then brings both hands towards the middle of their body.
a person walks forward and leans down to pick up a bar of soap.
a person picks up something with both hands and cradles it
a person is standing and moving their hands in and out in front of them
a person is dancing the waltz.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person runs, stops, then bends down.
a person puts his hands to his head, then raises them up and down.
a person jumps up and down while moving his hands in and out.
the person is drinking something.
the man kicks with his left foot then walks backwards.
a person reaches out with his right arm, moving it in a circular motion in front of him, then repeats the motion with his left arm.
a person walks forward, turns around, and then raises his arms.
a person has arms extended outwards and then brings them down to his side.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person walks forward and steps over something with his right foot.
the person is walking forward.
a person throws something with their right hand.
a person moves his hips and then moves his head
a person walks sideways to the right and then walks to the left.
a person is boxing
a person walks forward slowly and then turns around.
a person reaches with his right hand across his body towards his left hand, and then raises his right arm slightly above his right shoulder.
a person raises his arms above his head and bends his legs.
a person leans forward and swings his arms in a windmill motion, then takes several steps while leaning over.
a person grabbed something and put it somewhere
a person strafes from right to left.
the person was doing something with his arms
a person is facing forward, and moves their right hand from their side to in front of them.
a person runs and jumps.
a person slowly walked forward backwards
a person kneels down on the right knee.
a person is standing up while moving his legs in a left to right motion.
a person stands still, then jumps to the right.
a person runs in a clockwise direction.
a person swims the breast stroke.
a person sitting down reaches their right arm out in front of them, then their left arm out to the side, then throws something with their left hand, before repeating the motion with their right hand.
a person walks forward and picks up something with his right hand and then turns around and walks back.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person walks in an arc to their right.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle
a person walks in an arc to the right.
a person waves both hands in the air.
a person takes one step backwards.
a person catches something and then throws it.
a person swings his left arm in a wide circle while his right arm swings in a small circle.
a person jogs forward in place.
a person walks to the left, then to the right, then back to the middle.
a person picks something up then puts it to his right.
the person is standing still and moves their left arm outwards.
the person walks forward then turns around and walks back.
the person is walking sideways to the right.
a person runs and turns around to run again.
person walks very slowly forward
a person walks backwards.
a person is standing still, then puts their arms out, and then brings them back in.
a person throws something with their left hand.
a person raises their left arm in front of them, and then lowers it.
the person is running very fast
a person walks forward and turns around to walk back.
a person steps backwards.
the person is moving something from right to left
a person steps over something with his left foot.
a person walks to the right, walks forward, and then walks back to the left.
a person walks forward then turns around and walks back.
a person jumps forward one step.
a person is walking up stairs.
a person squats down, picks up an object with both hands, and places it down.
a person walks forward and then sits down.
a person crouches on all fours, then gets up into a standing position.
a person walks straight forward.
a person stands and moves his hands.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person swings their left hand.
a person is holding something with their left hand while using their right hand to cut something
a person is dancing with his arms in the air.
a person squats down with arms in front of them.
a person runs forward then stops.
the man is pushed forward.
a person standing still, then moves to the left
a person reaches their left arm up and over their head, stretching to the right.
a person standing still and then moving his left hand up and down
a person walks forward and holds onto something with their right hand.
a person is walking forward in a gingerly manner.
a person stands still while shaking their hands, then shakes their hips.
a person walks forward and right.
a person walks forward then turns right and walks in a circle.
a person does jumping jacks.
a person jumps up and turns counterclockwise.
a person walks while holding on to a rail.
a person steps forward, slightly raising their arms out to the sides.
a person appears to be imitating a monkey.
a person walks forward.
a person walks to the left then trips and falls
a person walks around to the right.
a person kicks their right foot out then back in.
a person picks up an object and tilts it to the right, then sets it back down.
a person gets on their hands and knees, crawls to the right, and then crawls back to the left.
a person raises both hands to their face.
a person is using a touch screen
a person walks forward.
the man runs in a straight line
a person is pushed to the left
the person is running then jumping.
a person reaches to the right side with his hands, then reaches to his left side, then steps back to the left side.
a person slowly walked forward while holdoing something with hands
a person walks backwards and then walks forward.
a person runs to the right quickly.
a person turns to the right and picks up something with their left hand.
the person is doing the shake of the shoulders.
a person walks backwards
the person was walking forward and tripped over something.
a person does jumping jacks.
the person was doing something with his left hand.
a person eating something with both their hands
a person raises their hands in front of them and moves them back and forth.
a person walks backwards down stairs.
the person walks in a counterclockwise circle.
a person takes a step forward and raises their left hand, then brings both hands up to their face.
a person is standing still and then bends over to the left.
a person throwing an object underhand.
a person runs forward quickly.
a person jogs right to left
a person walks to the right, turns and walks back.
the person is walking straight forward.
a person walks backwards and then walks forward while moving his hands in a circular motion.
a person kicks something with their left foot.
a person gets down on their knees and hops back up.
a person walks in a clockwise circle.
a person is dancing around with their hands up.
a person loses their balance and falls to the right.
the person is getting ready to throw something.
a person is using a touch screen
the person was walking straight forward.
a person walks to the side then sits down.
the person is jumping rope.
a person walks forward.
a person walks forward at a moderate pace.
a person walks forward and sits down.
the person is walking a straight line heel to toe.
a person sits down on the floor, crosses their legs, and then stands back up.
a person does jumping jacks.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle.
a person sits down, crosses their legs, and then gets back up.
a person walks forward, trips over something, then walks back to where they started.
the person is walking back and forth.
a person walks forward in a straight line.
the man drops to his knees and crawls around.
a person walks forward at a normal pace.
a person is squatting with their hands on their knees, and then starts to crawl backwards.
a person picks up and object with his right hand and moves it to his left hand.
a person walks forward.
a person takes a big step to the side with their left foot.
a person standing still with his hands on his hips and then raises them up.
a person steps forward and moves their right arm in a circular motion.
a person walks forward and stops.
the person is walking forward and then grabbed something with both hands.
a person walks up a set of stairs.
a person picks up an object with his left hand, then uses his left arm to wash it.
a person who seems to be rubbing his/her torso
a person is walking backwards.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person walks in a circle
a person walks forward then quickly moves to the side and walks back.
a person jumps up and down with arms above head.
a person holds their hands in front of their face and wiggles their elbows up and down.
a person walks forward.
a person walks sideways from right to left and then back again.
a person moves an object from the left to the right.
the person is jogging in place.
a person walks to the left, sits on a high object, then gets up.
the person is drinking something
a person picks up an object with his left hand, turns and sets it down.
a person is standing still and then moves their right leg.
a person rotating both hands in opposite directions in front of them.
a person crawls forward on their hands and knees.
a person walks slowly forward, while steadying themselves with their right hand on something.
a person moving something from right to left.
a person walks forward and to the left.
a person walks forward and to the right.
a person is holding something in their left hand, and rotates it back and forth.
a person standing with hands near face.
a person stands up from a kneeling position.
a person runs forward.
the person is getting something.
a person picks up an object, tilts it, then sets it back down.
a person is getting ready to throw a ball.
a person raises both arms to the front of their body.
a person throws something with their right hand.
a person moving items around with their left hand.
a person walks forward and turns around to walk back.
a person steps back then punches forward and kicks in the air.
a person walks forward quickly, turns around, and walks back.
the person is standing still and then puts his hands together.
a person walks to the right then walks the left then walsk back to the middle.
the person is walking straight forward.
a person kicks with their left leg
a person throws something with his right hand.
a person side skips from right to left then to the right then to left
a person walks forward and takes a large step over something.
the person washes their hair.
the person is boxing in a ring.
the person was walking forward, but then he moved to the side.
a person dances around while raising their hands up and down.
a person walks forward quickly and turns around.
a person leans over and picks up an object with their left hand, then rubs the object on something.
a person is washing his hair.
a person picks something up with both hands, tilts it to the right, then sets it back down.
a person runs down stairs.
a person waves their right arm above their head and then waves their left arm above it.
a person walks down stairs.
a person stretches their right arm up and over their head, while balancing on their left foot.
the person is jogging forward.
a person stands up, walks to the right and then sits down.
a person has both of his hands in front of him, then puts his right hand down.
a person stands from a sitting position, then sits back down, then stands again.
a person sits down and folds their legs.
a person doing jumping jacks.
a person walks forward.
a person takes a drink from a cup
a person puts both hands on their face to yell.
the person is running forwards.
the person jumps straight up in the air three times.
the man walks forward.
the man bends over then jumps.
the person is doing upper body stretches.
a person walks forward in a straight line.
a person holds an object in their left hand, tilts it to their lips and drinks from it, then sets it down.
a person is sitting down, and is eating something with his hands.
a person is sitting, and is rotating his hands in front of him.
a person crawls around on their hands and knees.
a person walks forward with his arms in the air.
a person throws something with his right hand then catches it.
the person was walking around and then stopped
a person walks forward then pivots on their left foot to return back.
the person walks backwards then walks forward and back again.
a person walks from right to left and then back to the center.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person raises and lowers their arms.
the person is lifting something.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person raises their left hand above their head and then lowers it.
a person grabbed something and put it somewhere
a person walks forward, then walks to the side and walks back to the center.
a person throws something with their right hand.
a person walks down the stairs.
a person throws something with his right hand.
the person is washing his hair
a person raises their left hand and points it in front of them.
a person picks up a phone with his left hand.
a person crosses their legs while standing.
a person throws an object with their left hand
a person walks forward, then turns around and runs back.
the person is walking straight forward.
a person runs forward then jumps.
a person steps side to side while facing forward.
a person takes a few steps backwards.
a person walks forward while keeping their right foot behind the left foot.
the person throws something underhand.
a person jumps up and down in place.
the person was walking forward.
a person jogs in place quickly.
a person jumps up and down one time.
the person was doing arm circles.
a person walks forward, turns around to the left and walks back.
a person stretches their upper body to the left and right.
a person walks in a straight line heel to toe like a tightrope or a podium.
a person walks forward then turns right and walks back.
a person lifts dumbbells with both hands, then lowers them, and repeats.
a person kneels down with his left hand on his knee.
a person walks forward then turns right.
a person drinks from a cup in their right hand.
a person leans to the right and kicks with the right foot.
a person walks straight forward.
the person is walking in a half circle.
a person squats down deeply, then rises back up to a standing position.
a person holds up both hands and moves them around
a person sits down, picks up a glass and takes a drink, and then puts the glass back down.
a person throws something with their right hand
a person sits down and moves around with their hands.
a person walks forward then walks backwards then walsk forward again.
a person walks backwards.
a person picks something up with his left hand then proceeds to mix something with his right hand.
a person is searching for something.
a person dances and waves their hands.
a person picks up an item with their left hand and pours it to the right.
a person walks backwards, ducks, and then kicks with their right leg.
a person dances while moving their arms around.
a person gets on all fours and crawls around.
a person walks forward and to the left.
a person bends forward with their hands on their knees, and then raises back up.
a person is standing in one spot and is holding an object in their right hand, they then use their left hand to hold something else and they move their left arm around in front of them.
the person is doing jumping jacks.
a person reaches down and grabs something with his left hand, then reaches down with his right hand and grabbed something else.
the person was bending over and picking up something and putting it down.
a person jumps up and down.
a person lowers his arms and then raises them again.
a person picks something up and moves it to the right.
a person walks in a clockwise circle.
the person was doing upper body stretches.
a person stands with his arms out to his sides and his head bowed.
a person walks forward while holding on to something with their left hand.
a person slowly walked forward upstairs
a person is walking very slowly in a straight line.
the person is throwing something.
the person is walking a tightrope or simular structure
a person throws something with his left hand.
the man kicks his left leg then his right leg.
a person jogs forward.
a person picks up an item with their left hand and carefully places it on a pedestal
a person crosses their arms and stands still.
the person is lifting weights with their left hand.
a person walks backwards.
the man moves to the side and moves his right hand to his face.
a person does a sideways moonwalk.
a person is doing push-ups with their legs extended to the side.
a person does jumping jacks.
the person is side stepping to the left.
a person walks forward in a clockwise direction.
a person walks in a straight line in a virtual reality environment
a person stretches out their left leg while balancing on their right leg, then stretchees their right.
a person walks in a counter-clockwise circle
a person running forward
the person is walking forward.
a person walks forward and turns around.
a person dances around in a clockwise circle.
a person walks forward, turns around, and sits down on a chair.
a person squats with their arms in front of them.
a person moves their right hand around, while their left hand is stationary.
a person does jumping jacks.
a person walks backwards slowly.
a person walks forward.
a person walks straight backwards
a person lifts something with both hands and sets it down.
a person is doing jumping jacks.
a person steps backward to the right.
a person walks forward in a straight line, then turns to the left and stops.
the person was sitting down with his hands on his hips.
a person jogs in place.
the person was getting ready to fight.
a person raising their hand to their head.
a person puts their right hand on their right knee and left hand on the floor to stretch.
a person walks in a clockwise direction.
a person holds their arms out, then brings them in, then back out.
a person slowly throws something with their left hand.
a person walks forward then turns around and walks back.
a person kicks with his left foot, then kicks out with his right foot, and repeats.
a person is jogging forward.
a person is moving his right hand in and out, then moves his left hand in a circle.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person raises both arms up and over their head, stretching in a crescent moon position.
the person is walking very carefully.
a person jogs forward confidently.
a person walks backwards.
a person walks forward slowly.
the person is walking around and swinging his arms.
a person holds up an item in front of them.
a person kicks something with their left foot.
a person waves with his right hand then waves with left hand
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle.
a person lifts their right arm up, then lifts it over their head.
a person walks forward while holding their right hand up.
a person squats down while moving their arms up and down in front of them.
a person walks in a clockwise circle, while swinging both arms outwards.
the person is crawling around.
a person picking up something from the right side then placing it on the left side
a person does jumping jacks.
a person is cleaning a window
a person does a jump while swinging their arms.
a person climbs a ladder while holding onto the ladder with their right hand.
the person was balancing on their left foot
a person turns around and looks over his shoulder.
a person standing still, crosses their arms and then uncrosses them.
a person walks forward, picks up an item with both hands, turns around, and places the item down.
a person picks up his right leg and kicks it back, then puts it back on the ground.
a person is standing with their hands on their hips, and then they raise their hands to their chest.
a person holds an object with both hands and brings it downward with force, then raises both hands above their head.
a person does jumping jacks.
a person walks backwards in a straight line.
a person stretching his left leg.
a person is walking backwards.
a person is standing with his arms slightly out from his sides.
a person walks in a clockwise circle.
a person walks forward, turns around counterclockwise, and walks back.
a person has both arms extended to the sides, bends forward slightly, and makes a washing motion with their right hand.
a person raises both their hands and waves them in front of them.
a person raises their left hand up to their face and then lowers it.
a person reaches forward with their right hand and gently touches something with their left hand.
a person walks forward and then quickly moves to the right.
a person is dancing around with their arms in the air.
a person lifts a weight with their left hand.
a person picks up a brush and starts brushing their hair.
a person puts both arms outstretched to the sides.
a person walks forward and stops.
the man walks to the right then walks back to the left and then walaks back to center
a person slowly walked forward in right direction
a person walks in a counter clockwise circle.
a person walks around.
a person walks to the right, then sits down, and then gets back up.
a person shakes their hips quickly.
the person washes his body with his right arm.
a person walks forward at a normal pace.
a person walks backwards, turns around and walks forwards.
a person walks straight backwards.
a person raises their left arm and gestures vaguely.
a person walks in a clockwise circle.
a person checks what time it is on their watch.
a person holds their arms out to the sides, then lowers them, then raises them back up.
a person does jumping jacks.
a person stretches right then left leg.
a person picks up something and puts it on his right shoulder, then walks to the left.
a person stands still and then moves backwards.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person raises both hands above their head and swings them in a wide motion.
a person walks forward then turns around and runs back
a person swims the butterfly.
a person walks forward, picks something up, then walks backwards.
a person standing still and then moving arms.
a person is sitting down with their hands near their face.
a person walks forward at a moderate speed.
a person gets on their hands and knees, crawls to the right, then stands up.
a person is sitting down then stands up
a person raises their left hand to their face.
a person is sitting and reaches their right hand up to their head.
a person walks up four steps.
a person walks forward, picks up something with their left hand, and pours it to their right.
a person walks forward, then moves back, and then seems to hit his right elbow on something.
a person throws something with their left hand.
a person walks in a counter clockwise direction.
a person bowing to the front, then bowing on both sides.
a person is sipping a drink.
a person walks to the right then walks back to the left
a person kicks with his left foot.
the person is sitting down with their hands around something.
a person slowly walked forward
a person walks forward, turns around and walks back.
a person walks forward with his hands slightly up.
a person raises their arms from their sides to their head, then drops them to their sides.
a person does a dance.
a person is sitting down and moves their right hand around.
a person kicks something with their left foot twice.
a person walks forward with both hands on something.
a person takes a step forward, then uses their left hand to mix something in a bowl
a person holds something up to their face with their left hand.
a person walks backwards carefully
a person raises both their hands and places them on their hips, then they sway their upper body from side to side
a person raises their left arm up and down.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person takes one step forward
a person does jumping jacks.
a person raises both hands to their face.
a person throws something with their left hand
a person dancing around in a club
the person is punching with both hands.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle
a person walks on a treadmill at a slow pace.
a person walks sideways to the left, then turns and walks back to the right.
a person walks forward then turns around and raises his right arm.
a person kneels down and places their right hand on their knee.
a person runs straight forward.
a person picks up a item with his left hand then starts to clean it.
a person holds their head in their hands and stretches to the right.
a person stands still and rotates his upper body right and left.
a person jumps forward with both feet.
a person standing, raises both hands together in front of him, then drops them down, then raises them again, then repeats.
a person stands on their right foot and swings their left foot from side to side.
a person walks up four steps, holding on to the railing with their left hand.
a person walks backwards and then walks forward.
a person crouches, then crawls forward.
a person picks up an item with both hands, then walks in a circle, and finally places the item back down.
a person raises their left hand slightly and then lowers it.
a person walks backwards and then does a cartwheel
a person is sitting down and shaking his right hand.
a person jumps straight up in the air with their legs apart.
a person standing up uses their right arm to rotate their left arm in and out, and then brings both arms together to move them in an outward circular motion.
a person throws an object with their right arm, then follows through with their left arm.
a person picks up a cup, takes a drink, then walks away.
the person is picking up something and putting it somewhere else.
the person is drinking something.
a person walks in an arc to the right.
a person reaches both hands above their head.
a person throws something with their left hand, then stretches out their right arm.
a person walks to the right and walks back.
a person folds their arms and then unfolds them.
a person sits down, crosses their legs, and then gets back up.
a person dances in a waltz.
a person walks forward then jumps over something.
a person balancing on their right foot, before alternating to their left foot.
a person walks forward and then backwards.
a person swipes his right hand back and forth.
a person is standing with his knees slightly bent.
a person picks up something with both hands and moves it to the left, then picks something up with both his hands and puts it to his right, and then picking something up again with both the hands and putting it to left.
a person walks forward.
a person uses their left hand to move something around in a counter-clockwise direction.
a person lifts their right leg and then their left leg.
a person walks forward while balancing on a tightrope.
a person jumps sideways to the left.
a person is running in place.
a person walks side to side then crouches down and moves around.
a person walks forward while using his right arm to hold on to something for support.
a person jumps up and down while their arms are extended outward.
a person walks forward quickly.
a person catches and then throws an object.
a person shrugs their shoulders while waving their hands above their head.
a person walks forward, picks up a cup, and pours it out.
a person raises their right arm to their face and holds it there.
a person walks forward in a straight line.
a person raises and lowers their arms in a wavy motion
a person raises both arms above their head.
a person bends down and crawls forward.
a person walks in an arc to the right.
a person starts on their hands and knees, crawls to the right, turns around, and stands up.
a person moves both hands in an up and down motion, and then brings them together.
a person is drinking something with his right hand
a person holding something in their right hand.
a person eating something while standing up.
a person is sitting down and looks like theyre rubbing their/her right hand on their upper left leg.
the man walks backwards and picks something up off the ground.
a person waves with their right hand, then waves with both hands.
a person walks to the right, turns around and walks back.
a person moves an object from left to right
a person walks straight forward.
a person throws a punch with their left hand.
a person jogs to the right and picks something up.
a person walks backwards, then walks forward while moving side to side, then turns around and walks back while moving to the right.
a person sits down, crosses his legs, then stands back up.
a person is mixing something
a person turns to the right and bends his right arm up at the elbow to pick up something from the ground.
a person walks in a counter clockwise circle.
a person stands with hands on hips and throws something with their left hand.
a person walks forward and then turns around and walks back.
a person doing jumping jacks.
a person walks forward in a straight line.
a person lifts a dumbbell with their right arm.
a person reaches their right arm forward in front of their body, followed by their left arm, then bends their body to the left and right.
a person slowly sits down in a chair and then gets up.
a person stands still and moves their arms slightly, imitating a shark.
a person standing in place waves with their left hand.
a person raises their left hand above their head.
a person is sitting down and using their right hand to wipe something in front of them
a person picks up an item and pours it to the right.
a person walks forward, sits down, then gets back up and walks back
a person holds up both hands and slightly moves them.
a person walks forward.
a person squats down then jumps up and down several times.
a person walks forward at a normal pace.
the person is dancing and moving around.
the person is doing jumping jacks.
a person does a side kick with his right leg.
a person walks in a right turn.
a person walks to the left
a person standing still, then bends over and picks up an object with both hands and then places it on something.
a person steps forward and kicks back their left leg.
a person takes one step to the left, sits down, then gets back up
a person throws something with their left hand, then catches something with both hands.
a person raises their arms above their head and leans from right to left
a person reaches their arms up and over their head, stretching in a crescent moon position.
a person steps up onto a beam and walks across it.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle.
a person is mixing something
a person raises their arms to the side and then drops them.
a person raises their right arm to the sky.
a person walks to the left
the man walks forward, then steps over something, then walks again.
a person puts his hands on his hips, bends his knees, and lifts his hands up to the side.
a person raises their left arm to look at their wrist.
a person is standing with their arms slightly outstretched.
a person walks in a circle counter-clockwise
the person is running in place
a person raises both their hands above their head and waves them.
a person is standing and puts both arms out to the side and then back down.
a person reaches their left hand up and over their head, stretching in a crescent moon position.
a person holding their face in their hands is crying.
a person does a comedian act.
a person throws something up with both hands.
a person gets down on all fours and crawls across the floor.
a person raises their hands to their face.
a person raises their arms and claps.
a person does jumping jacks.
a person jogs forward quickly.
a person checks their watch for the time.
a person is jumping up and down on his right leg.
a person walks backwards, then turns around and waves his arms in a friendly motion.
a person squats down and gets back up multiple times.
a person kicks their right foot out in front of them, and then kicks it back.
a person walks forward and stumbles to the right
a person is standing still and is pushed forward slightly.
a person steps to the left and then steps to right.
a person puts their arms out to their side, lowers them, and then walks forward and sits down
a person does jumping jacks.
a person kicks something with their right foot.
a person jumps straight up with both arms in the air.
a person grabbed something with right hand
a person stirs something with both hands in a clockwise direction.
a person raises their right arm and points with their right index finger.
a person raises and lowers their arms in front of them while slightly moving their hips.
a person uses their left hand to hold something stationary, while using their right hand to move back and forth in front of them, possibly to mix something.
a person bends forward and reaches their right hand out in front of them, then reaches their left hand out behind them.
a person is jogging in place.
a person holds their right arm out in front of them
the person is walking in a circle.
a person is standing still, and then starts shaking their hips back and forth, while also moving their hands in and out.
the man walks in a u shaped path.
a person slowly walked forward upstairs
a person walks around in a clockwise circle, while carrying something.
a person is standing with their right arm raised
a person kicks with his left foot.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person twirls in a circle while raising their arms.
a person walks forward then trips.
a person walks to the right and then walks all the way to the left.
a person walks forward, turns around and runs back.
a person reaches their right arm forward and then their left arm forward
a person walks down some stairs.
a person is walking in a clockwise circle
a person walks in a clockwise direction in a circle.
the person is throwing his arms around.
a person holds his arms out to his side, then brings them in and out.
a person slowly walks forward.
a person stands still and then places his hands on his knees.
a person stands still then takes a step backwards.
a person is dancing around.
a person stands still and slightly moves his right hand.
a person lifts dumbbells with both arms.
a person hopping on their right leg
the person jumped straight up in the air and turn backwards.
a person brings their left hand to their mouth and tilts their head backwards as if to yawn.
a person stands up from sitting on the ground and walks in a counterclockwise direction.
a person is jogging in place.
a person hopping on one foot and then alternating to the other foot.
a person walks slowly forward
a person walks forward slowly.
a person walks forward and sits down, puts hands on hips and stands back up.
a person is taking a picture of something.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person walks in a zigzag motion to the right and left and then back to the left.
the person is walking forward and bends over at the waist and picks up a heavy object with both hands.
a person takes a large step diagonally to the right and down.
a person picks something up from the right side and moves it to the left side.
a person runs forwards quickly.
a person steps back and throws an object underhand.
a person stands still then quickly moves to the left.
a person walks slowly in a circle while balancing.
a person walks backwards, jumps forward turns around, and jumps again.
a person gets down on their knees and hops backwards.
a person is walking forward and then loses balance and then regains balance.
the person walks forward.
a person stretches their upper body and back
a person holds something with their left hand while reaching for something with both hands, then raises their right hand above their head.
a person moves something to their right with their right hand, and then moves it to their left.
a person walks forward at a normal pace.
a person is sitting down.
a person walks forward and turns around to walk back.
the man bends over and picks up an object then sets it down and walks away.
a person walks in a circle with his hands swaying back and forth.
a person runs to the left then to the right then back to the center.
the person is throwing football or sofball
a person walks forward in a arc to the right.
a person picks up an object with their left hand and raises it slightly to their right, then places it back down.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle.
a person makes a chopping motion with both hands.
the person is walking forward and picking up items.
a person holds something with both hands and then throws it with their left hand.
a person slowly walks forward and puts something down.
a person is looking around and then picks something up
a person rotates their shoulders and extends their arms outwards.
a person jogs to the right and then to the left and then back to the centre
a person jumps forward.
a person runs forward and jumps.
a person raises their left arm slightly above their head and then lowers it.
a person raises their right arm to their head.
a person jumps up and down while moving their arms.
a person crosses their arms then uncrosses them.
a person walks forward, and then is pushed forward.
a person is dancing the salsa.
a person balancing on one foot, then balancing with alternating feet.
a person crosses their arms in front of them.
a person walks forward, bends down, picks something up with their right hand, then turns and walks back.
a person catches something then throws it away.
a person walks forward, then throws something with their right hand, then catches something with both hands.
a person walks forward then turns right to return back
the person is drinking something.
a person slowly walks forward while balancing with his right hand on something.
a person holds something with both hands, then raises their hands up and back down again, and repeats.
a person walks forward, turns around and walks back.
a person raises both hands and motions to the right.
a person walks forward then steps over something with their right foot.
a person walks to the right
the person jumped and turn right
a person picks up an object with his left hand, holds it up, and then puts it back.
a person is doing exercises.
a person kicks their right leg back, balancing on one foot.
the person threw something with his left hand.
a person raises his left arm and points with his index finger.
a person steps to the side and then turns around.
a person walks in a counterclockwise direction in a circle.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person catches an object with both hands and then throws it back with their right hand.
a person walks in a counter clockwise circle
a person walks forward, turns around and walks back.
a person rolls over to their right side and then gets up to a standing position.
a person dances in the waltz.
a person walks slowly while using their right hand to hold on to something to guide them.
a person walks from left to right and back again.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person moves both arms in a chopping motion.
a person is pushed from behind and takes one step forward.
a person raises their right hand to their head.
a person is walking and bends down to pick something up with both hands.
a person is drinking something.
a person walks in a counterclockwise direction in a circle.
a person walks forward, turns right and walks back.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle while swinging his arms.
a person holds both hands up to their face and walks backward.
a person is dancing around with their arms up.
a person is running in place.
a person walks forward and grabs something with his right hand.
a person walks forward then turns around to walk back.
the person is washing a window.
a person is dancing in a salsa style
a person raises their left hand to their head.
the person was doing a ballet twirl.
a person walks forward, swinging their arms.
the man walks forward, picks something up, then walks backwards.
a person walks forward in a counterclockwise direction.
a person bends down and puts their hands on their knees.
a person throws something with their right hand.
a person claps their hands.
a person runs forward and then jumps over an obstacle.
a person walks forward and falls to the right but recovers
the person is kneeling down to the ground.
a person walks forward and throws something with their right hand.
the man is walking sideways to the right.
a person jumps in the air while turning backwards.
a person walks forward, then steps to the right and raises both hands in the air.
a person is looking around to the right and left.
the man walks forward then gets on his hands and knees then crawls forward.
a person stretches their upper body and back right hamstring.
a person leans over and shakes their hands.
a person jogs to the right, then jogs back to the left.
a person walks forward and takes a big step over something.
the man throws something with his left hand.
a person walks forward and then steps over something.
person is looking through binoculars
a person has his hands out in front of him, lowers them, and then brings his right hand up to his face as if to eat something.
a person is running forward quickly.
a person picks up an object and tilts it to the right, before placing it back down.
the person is walking in a circle.
the person is putting on a playground swinging and climbing
a person is jogging.
a person walks forward, then gets pushed back by something, then they move forward again.
a person is raising their right arm.
a person dances side to side and then does a ballet twirl.
a person raises their hands to their face.
a person walks forward then turns around and walks backwards.
a person steps forward.
a person is on the ground doing push-ups.
a person bends over and picks something up with both hands
a person walks in a small circle while making a chopping motion with their left hand.
a person walks forward at a diagonal angle to the right.
a person jumps up and down in place
a person reaches out with his right arm.
a person jumps forward with arms out to the sides.
a person sits down and then puts his hands on his hips.
a person runs forward.
a person moving something from right to left
a person walks forward then turns around and walks back.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle.
a person side steps to the left.
a person walks to the side then sits down and stands back up.
the person sat down and then got back up.
a person runs straight forward
a person is squatting and rotating an object in front of them with both hands.
the person is standing still and moving his right hand.
a person runs forward, turns around and jumps.
a person moves their hands in front of them in a repetitive motion.
a person walks forward and turns right to return.
a person walks to the right then sits down.
a person walks forward, turns around and walks back.
the man throws something with his right hand.
the man is jumping up and down.
a person is walking up and down stairs.
a person stomps his right foot.
a person dancing around while swinging their arms.
the person is standing still and then puts their hands together.
a person walks forward in a zig zag motion.
a person raises their right hand to their head.
a person jumps up and down several times.
a person reaches both hands up over their head and stretches to the left.
a person kicks the air with his right foot repeatedly.
a person is throwing something with their right hand.
a person claps with their hands.
a person throws something away
a person stands up from the ground, walks in a circle, and sits back on the ground.
a person walks forward slowly and turns around.
a person walks sideways to the left and then the right
a person picks something up off the ground and puts it on something
the person is picking up something and then moving it to the side.
a person walks forward, jumps and kicks the air with his left leg.
a person squats with their hands up.
a person holds a phone to their right ear.
a person pretends to be a chicken
a person is pushed forward.
a person walks in a clockwise circle.
a person stands and moves their arms around in a circular motion.
a person slowly raises his right hand.
a person walks around while holding his arms up, then lowers them.
the person was washing his hair.
the person is walking around in a clockwise circle.
a person walks forward, then quickly moves to the right, as though hit by something.
a person walks forward and turns around.
a person moving something from right to left
a person raises their right hand up.
a person drinks something.
a person is sitting down and is eating something.
a person walks around in a counterclockwise circle.
the person is doing a high kick.
a person claps with his hands.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person steps up and grabs something with their right hand.
the person is doing upper body warm up exercises.
a person is thrown backwards by something.
the person jumped up and down.
a person is walking side to side in a clockwise direction.
a person stands with his arms outstretched at his sides and slightly moves his hips.
a person jumps up and down in the air.
the person is getting ready to golf.
a person uses both hands to unscrew something.
a person walks forward and then leans over to pick up and object.
a person is hopping on their right foot.
the person is walking forward fast.
a person picks something up with their left hand, and pours it in something with their right hand.
a person is walking backwards.
a person raises his arms and claps.
a person walks forward, then back, then forward again.
a person walks forward and trips on something.
a person is walking up and down stairs.
the man walks forward while moving his hands side to side.
a person jogs around the room.
a person holds both hands in front of their face, then turns to the left and jumps, then repeats this motion to the right.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person walks forward then turns around and runs back.
a person walks quickly forward
a person does a roundhouse kick
a person walks in a clockwise circle
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle.
a person does a dance
a person steps to the left then steps to right
a person kicks with their left leg and then their right leg.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle.
a person jumps forward.
a person picks up something and pours it to the left.
a person walks backwards then runs forward and then walks back again
a person runs back and forth
a person moves their hands in front of them.
a person walks forward and raises their arms.
a person steps over something with his left leg.
a person walks up stairs.
the person is walking with his hands outstretched.
the person is walking slowly trying not to make noise.
a person takes a step forward with their left foot.
a person walks to the left.
a person walks forward and to the right.
a person is walking in a clockwise circle.
a person runs quickly forward.
a person moves their right arm in a circular motion in front of them.
the person was doing a tennis forehand hit.
a person is holding a drink in his right hand.
a person strafes left then to the right.
a person walks forward while holding onto something with his right hand.
a person holds their arms out in front of them
a person is warming up with their right arm in a bent position.
a person takes something from their left hand and then gives it to their right hand.
a person runs forward.
a person is sitting and then puts his left hand to his face.
a person standing still raises their arms and gestures with both hands
a person steps backwards, throws an object with their right hand, then steps forward.
a person walks forward, picks up something with his right hand, turns around, and walks back.
the person is running forward.
a person jumps up and down
a person jumps forward and turns backwards.
a person picks up an object and takes a drink from it.
a person is standing with his arms out from his sides, then turns to the left and walks away.
a person is stirring something in a bowl
a person runs up to the right.
a person checks the watch on their right hand.
a person stands on the ground and moves his body to the right and left.
a person throws something with their left hand and then catches something with both hands.
a person stands on their left leg, while alternating between their right leg, then back to their left.
the person is waving with his left hand.
a person runs back and forth while holding their right hand out in front of them.
a person picks up an object and cradles it.
the man walks forward while swinging his arms.
a person sitting down dials a phone and brings it up to their right ear.
a person is walking forward while using their left hand to hold on to something to guide them.
a person is jogging in place
a person puts something in front of them and uses both hands to cut it.
the person walks forward with their hands on something to guide them.
a person is sitting on a stool and stands up.
a person reaches down with their right hand, then their left, then leans back and forth.
a person raises their right arm up and down.
a person walks forward, bends over, picks up a heavy object with both hands, and slowly moves it to the right.
a person walks forward slowly and then turns around and walks back.
a person leans down with his hands on his hips, picks up something with his left hand, then rubs it on something with right hand.
the person is dancing with his hands.
a person walks backwards slowly.
a person walks forward, turns around and walks back.
a person standing with legs slightly bent and knees slightly up.
a person walks forward, then quickly moves to the right side.
a person waves his hands and then claps.
a person is jogging in place.
the person is shooting a free throw
a person picks up an item from their right side and places it on their left.
a person walks forward in a zig zag motion
a person slowly moves his right hand forward.
a person is running on the spot
a person walks in an arc to the left
the person is washing a window
a person walks to the right then walks back to the left.
a person walks forward and then turns around.
a person walks in a clockwise circle.
a person walks to the right and then walks back.
a person limps forwards, holding his right leg.
a person puts their hands on their hips and waves their arms in the air.
a person walks forward quickly.
a person holding something with their right hand and using their left hand to stir the contents
the person was playing the guitar.
a person waves his hands above his head, then waves his arms side to side, and repeats the motion.
a person is holding his arms up to his head, and bends his right knee in and out.
a person holds their head in their hands, shaking it slightly.
a person jumps and spins in a complete circle.
a person walks forward, reaches their right hand across their body towards their left hand, and then walks back.
the person is walking forward and hurts his hand.
a person throws an uppercut punch with the left hand.
a person lifts an object from their left side with both hands, and places it down to their right.
a person runs to the right and then the left
a person throws something with his left hand
a person jumps up and down
a person kicks with their left leg.
a person walks forward in a half circle.
a person walks forward, jumps around in a circle, and then runs back.
a person raises his right arm and waves.
the man holds his arms up and moves them while standing on the spot
the person walks forward and stops.
a person takes a quick step to the side.
a person twirls around while moving his arms around.
the person is picking up the laundry.
a person walks forward in a straight line
a person shakes their arms and hands while their body stays relatively still.
the person waves with their right hand.
a person brings his right arm down and across his body towards his left hand, and then raises it back up.
a person who is standing with his arms out from his sides suddenly moves to the right.
a person is sitting down with their arms slightly elevated
a person walks forward quickly.
a person holds an object with both hands and then throws it with their right hand.
a person is standing with their hands raised slightly above their shoulders.
a person is stirring in a bowl
a person stands on the ground and leans to the right and then leans back to the left
a person is stirring in a bowl
a person scratches their head.
a person standing up, and moving their left hand around, and then leaning down.
a person puts his right hand forward and then his left hand forward
a person sits down, then stands up and walks to the right, then sits back down.
a person walks very slowly in a straight line.
a person raises their right hand slightly, as if checking the time on their watch.
a person standing still and then puts arms out to the side
a person walks in a clockwise direction.
the man walks in a counterclockwise circle.
a person does jump rope.
a person raises their left arm to shoulder level and then drops it back down to their side.
a person raises his left arm and then bends it at the elbow to put it on his shoulder, before bringing it back down to his side.
a person takes a large step to the side with their left foot.
a person steps back quickly.
a person is imitating water coming out of fountain then starts imitatiing an aeroplane and then a fountaiin again.
a person is walking on a treadmill.
a person holds their hands up to their face.
a person runs in a diagonal direction to the left.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle.
a person is jogging in place.
a person slowly bends over and then raises back up.
a person steps to the side, crouches, and then walks back.
a person walks forward, jumps, turns around, and jumps again.
a person appears to be picking up an item and holding it with both hands.
the person is standing still.
a person does jumping jacks.
a person is running in place, then walks backwards in a circle, and then forward in a straight line.
a person raises their right arm up and out to the side.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle while looking up and down, then jumps up and moves to the left.
a person crawls forward then crawls backwards.
a person is standing with their right arm extended upwards and then brings it back down to their side.
the person is moving to the left and right.
a person jogs forward then turns around and jogs back.
a person is pushed slightly forward.
a person stands and moves their left arm.
the person is doing exercise movements.
a person jumps up and down
a person holds both hands together, then moves them from right to left.
a person is using their left arm to wipe something down in a circular motion.
a person kneels down onto the floor.
a person bends their right knee up and down.
a person is playing a violin.
a person steps backwards with their left foot.
a person jumps high into the air and lands on both feet.
a person picks up a drink with their left hand and brings it to their mouth.
a person holding something with both hands and looking around.
the person is pointing with their left hand.
a person ducks to the right.
a person walks forward then walks to the right.
a person holding something with their left hand, while stretching out to grab something with both hands.
a person leans their head forward and then raises it back up.
a person raising his hand to his face.
a person holds something in front of them with both hands, and repeatedly jams something into it with both arms.
the person raises their right arm.
a person walks forward while swinging his arms.
the person was getting hit in the face with something
a person standing up uses both hands to bring an object up to their face, then places it back down.
a person kicks their left leg around in the air
the person is balancing on their right foot.
a person stands with his arms to his sides.
a person squats down and then stands up.
a person sways from right to left, then leans to the right.
the person is standing still then moves to the side.
a person leans forward with arms slightly extended and bent at the elbow.
a person walks forward, picks up a heavy object with both hands, and then carefully places it down.
the man walks forward with arms outstretched.
a person walks forward and steps over something.
a person steps over something.
a person ducks down and crawls forward.
a person is doing a dance.
a person kicks with his left foot, then kicks twice with his right foot.
the person is washing something
a person walks forward at a medium speed.
a person folds their arms at their chest.
a person bends over and then stands up
a person picks up an object and pours it to their right, then sets it back down.
a person standing up and bending over and stretching.
a person is dancing.
a person walks in a clockwise circle.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person walks forward confidently.
a person stretches their arms to the side, then bends them in a crescent moon position.
a person kicks with his left foot.
the person was making a circular movement with both hands.
a person reaches left then right then left
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle.
a person throws an object with their right hand, then does the same with their left hand.
a person reaches his right arm across his body towards his left arm.
a person turns and then sits down on a chair, then gets back up.
a person stands still with their arms slightly raised
a person walks forward then jumps over something.
a person reaches their right arm out in front of them and then reaches their left arm out above their head.
a person lowers themselves into a crawl, crawls forward, then stands back up.
a person walks forward and then turns around.
the person sat on the chair and after got up
a person walks forward and to the right.
a person walks in a clockwise circle
a person walks straight forward, then turns to the left.
a person grabs something with his right hand and brings it to his face, then he tilts it to drink it.
the person throws something with his left hand
a person walks forward while sneaking.
a person walks to the left and then walks back to the right.
a person balancing on their right foot kicks out their left foot.
a person standing up reaches their left arm out in front of them, and then reaches their right arm out to the side of them.
a person takes a step back, then sits down, and then stands back up.
a person is sitting and waving their right hand.
a person holds something in their right hand and stirs it with their left hand, then steps backwards.
the person is walking back and forth.
a person walks forward slowly with his hands on something on either side.
a person picks up an object, pours it to the left and sets it back down.
a person walks slowly forward.
a person picks up an object and pours it to the left.
a person squats while holding their arms out in front of them.
a person holds up both hands.
a person walks a straight line with arms outstretched, trying to maintain balance.
a person walks straight backwards.
a person raises their left arm, bending it inward, while simultaneously raising their right arm.
a person jumps up and turns backwards.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person sits down and then stands back up.
a person is standing, and they put their hands together and move them in a circular motion.
a person jumping in a counterclockwise direction.
a person walks forward then takes a large step over something.
a person walks up a set of stairs
a person grabbed something with both hands and put it somewhere
a person is sitting down, then gets up, walks in a counterclockwise circle, and sits back down.
a person jumps rope while turning their body from left to right.
a person walks forward while swinging their right arm, then turns around and repeats the motion while walking back.
a person bends over and picks up a heavy object with both hands.
a person waves their right hand and then waves their left hand.
a person stands on one leg while stretching their right arm up to the side.
a person is running in place.
a person is stretching their right leg.
a person lowers their arms, claps their hands, and then walks forward.
a person holds their arms out in front of them and moves their right hand around in a circle
a person kicks with his right leg.
a person throws something with their left hand.
a person reaches his right hand downward to his right foot, then walks to the right, and reaches his left hand down to his left foot.
a person is doing gestures
a person throwing something.
a person is walking up a set of stairs, then turns to the right.
a person walks forward.
a person opens something and takes a drink.
a person rotating right and left arms.
a person drops to the floor, crawls to the left and then to the right.
a person walks forward in a straight line.
a person does jumping jacks.
a person raises their left hand and then brings it back down.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person lunges to their right and then their left, moving their arms in odd ways
a person jumps to the right and then to the left.
a person throws something with his left hand.
a person stands with his feet shoulder width apart and then does jumping jacks.
a person throws an object with his left hand.
a person walks to the left.
a person is throwing an object.
a person walks in a straight line, turns right and then walks straight again.
the person is walking backwards.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person leans over and picks something up off the ground, then gets back up.
a person slowly walks forward while using their right hand to hold on to something.
a person grabbed something and put it somewhere
a person balancing on one foot, and then balancing with their left foot.
a person does jumping jacks.
a person swings their hands to the right and then the left.
a person sitting down and then stands up
the person does a cartwheel
the person is squatting with his arms out sideways
a person walks forward in a straight line.
the person kicks with their left foot, then kicks right foot, and repeats.
a person moves their arms in a circle.
the man walks forward.
the person is walking to the left.
the person is taking a picture of something.
a person is fighting with someone else
a person waves their hands around in front of them.
the person is walking forward.
a person walks forward and to the side.
a person walks forward slowly.
the person is walking backwards to the left.
a person does jumping jacks.
a person sits down on the ground and crosses their legs in a half-lotus position.
a person walks in a circle while crouched.
a person picks up something with his right hand then raises it up to his face
a person walks forward, turns to the right and walks back.
a person walks in a clockwise direction in a circle.
a person does a side kick.
a person picks up an object with his right hand and carefully places it on a surface.
a person is moving an object to the side
a person picks something up and throws it upward.
a person walks forward then turns around and walks back.
the man balancing on his left foot twisting his right foot around his left.
the person is drinking something.
a person bows down deeply.
a person is dancing the waltz.
a person holds their arms out to their sides, lowers them, and then raises them back up.
a person walks forward, picks up something, then picks something else up and moves it to the right
a person walks forward and jumps.
a person moves to the left and then to the right.
a person stands still and does nothing
a person slowly throws an object with his right hand.
a person walks forward carefully, taking large steps over obstacles.
a person takes one step backwards.
a person walks forward.
a person standing up, looking around.
the man is jumping up and down
a person steps forward with their right foot and does a ballet twirl.
a person walks in a curve to the right.
a person walks side to side then walks backwards
a person walks forward quickly, turns around and walks back.
a person is walking backwards
the person was dancing backwards.
a person walks to the right.
a person jogs to the right then jogs the left then joggs back to the center
a person runs forwards quickly.
the person walks forward then turns around.
a person is holding something with their left hand and is rotating their right hand over their left.
a person walks sideways to the left and then to the right
a person is dancing the waltz.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle, and then stops.
a person standing with arms slightly out to the sides raises their right arm up and slightly over.
a person throws a football or soemthing.
a person walks forward and to the right.
a person walks straight forward.
the person is jumping up and down.
a person stumbles forward.
a person raises their arms above their head.
a person uses their left arm to reach forwards, then raises their left hand slightly above their left shoulder, before lowering it.
a person jumps forward with two legs.
a person sits down and crosses their legs, then stands back up.
a person raises his right arm and then his left arm.
a person walks forwards.
a person walks backwards, then walks forwards and crouches.
a person walks forward with their hands on a railing
a person crawls on their hands and knees, then stands up.
a person walks to the right
the person does jumping jacks.
the person is walking forward and picking up something heavy.
a person shoots a bow and arrow.
a person walks forward slowly while holding on to something with his left hand
a person holds their hands up to their face and squats down, and then stands back up.
a person kicks something with their left foot.
a person steps forward and raises their hands in the air, then stumbles backwards and repeats.
a person walks forward, turns around and picks something up with their right hand.
a person is waving with their left hand.
a person picks up an item with both hands, tilts it to the right, and then sets it back down.
a person does a ballet twirl.
a person standing and raises his arms up and down.
a person walks sideways to the left then walks back to the right then walsk sideways again to the back.
a person raises their arms and hands and shakes them
a person is holding something with both hands and then slams it to the right with his left hand.
a person walks to the left and then walks back to the right.
a person throws something with both hands
a person walks in a circle.
a person holds arms out in front of them and then bows down.
a person uses their left hand to move around something in front of them.
a person lowers their arms, walks forward, and then begins to wipe something with their left hand.
the person is drying off the right arm
a person jumps up and down.
a person walks to the left, then walks back to the right, then back to left.
the man stands on his left leg, bending his right leg at the knee and lifting his right foot, and then he stands on one foot, bends his left knee, and lifts his left foot, before finally standing on both feet.
a person throws something underhand style.
a person walks forward, turns around and sits down, then gets back up.
a person takes a small step forward.
a person raises his left hand to his face, then lowers it.
a person walks forward and then turns to the left.
a person walks forward and upstairs
a person walks forward and then turns around.
a person does arm circles in front of them.
a person sitting down, raises their left hand up to their face.
a person throws something with their right arm
a person jogs in place
a person bends to their right, reaching their right hand over their head.
a person uses their left arm to touch their head, then their shoulder, and finally their elbow.
a person walks forward and then turns around.
a person raising both hands above their head
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle.
a person walks while holding on to something with their right hand.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person folds their arms in front of them.
a person squats down and picks up something.
a person puts their hands on their hips and reaches their left hand out in front of them
a person throws something with their left hand.
a person holds up both hands, moving them back and forth rapidly, while their hips move slightly from side to side.
the person is doing push-ups.
a person throws their hands out in front of them and then brings them together in a punching motion.
a person walks slowly forward and then picks up a heavy object with both hands.
a person walks forward, then pivots on their right foot and walks back.
a person jogs forward
a person walks forward confidently
a person turns around and walks forward slowly.
a person picks up something with their left hand, turns around, and sets it down.
the man plays the guitar right handed.
a person steps forward and reaches his right hand out, as if picking up a phone.
the person is moving something from the right to the left.
a person bends his right leg and moves it up and down.
a person sips from a drink in their right hand.
a person walks forward, bends at the knees, picks up something with both hands, then turns and walks back.
a person walks forward at a normal pace.
a person walks forward at a normal pace.
a person throws something with his right hand and then catches something with both hands.
a person balancing on their right foot while extending their right leg and arm.
a person picks up an object and moves it to the side, then walks away and throws something with their right hand.
a person slowly walking while holdoing on to something with both hands
a person throws something with their right hand.
a person walks forward, reaches out with his right hand to grasp something, and then brings it back.
a person walks slowly forward while using his right hand to hold on to something.
a person walks forward, then picks up and object with both hands, and then pours it to the left.
a person waves their left hand and then waves both hands.
a person walks forward and crouches.
the person is moving something to the side.
a person is standing in a crouched position with their arms slightly bent and out to the sides.
a person walks to the right, then walks all the way to the left, then back to the center.
a person lunges forward and kicks with their right leg.
a person is doing arm circles in front of them.
a person holds their hands out to their sides, then lowers them, then raises them back up.
a person is squatting and raises their arms outwards.
a person walks forward slowly, with their right hand on something to balance.
a person runs quickly forward.
a person walks forward, then walks to the right and stops.
a person walks counterclockwise in a circle.
a person walks forward, then bends over and picks up an object.
a person is standing with their hands on their hips.
a person is standing with his arms outstretched to his side.
a person jogs in place.
a person reaches down and picks up an object with both hands and moves it to the side.
a person is rubbing his right hand on his left hand.
a person sits down with his legs crossed.
the man walks forward and picks something up and moves it to the right and pickes something up.
a person is leaning backwards with arms raised.
a person kicks something with his left leg
a person walks forward while balancing on something with their hands
a person reaches their right arm across their body and then lowers it.
a person is moving side to side.
a person is sitting, then gets up.
a person golfing and then hitting the golf ball.
a person walks forward and picks something up with both hands.
a person walks in a straight line to the right.
a person standing still and looking around.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle
a person crosses his arms and then squats.
a person walks backwards in a straight line
a person walks forward quickly.
the man is walking forward.
a person jogs back and forth in a pattern
a person holding their hands up near their face, jumps up and down in place.
a person takes a step backward, turns to the left, and then walks forward.
a person holds an object in his right hand and uses his left hand to twist it open, then consumes it in his mouth.
a person walks in a clockwise direction in a circle.
a person walks to the right, walks backwards, then walks back to the left.
the person ran in a left direction
a person uses a sponge to wash a car.
a person walks slowly while holding onto a hand rail.
a person picks up something with both hands and moves it to the right.
a person steps to the side, then steps forward, before moving his right leg back.
a person holds arms out to side, then lowers them, and with left hand pushes forward in front of body.
a person walks and turns to the right.
a person walks forward, turns around, and walks back.
a person is doing something with their hands.
the person is drinking something.
a person walks forward then turns right and continues walking.
a person stands still with their arms raised slightly.
a person is doing jumping jacks.
a person walks in a zig zag
a person does jumping jacks.
a person lifts their left arm to their face.
a person waves with their left hand.
a person standing up bends over and makes small rapid chopping motions with both hands at chest height.
a person goes on all fours and crawls.
a person punches the air with his right and left hands while moving from side to side
a person is walking in a counterclockwise circle.
a person drops to their hands and knees, crawls across the floor then stands up.
a person holds their arms out wide and moves them back and forth.
a person is making circular motions with both hands in front of them.
a person throwing something with his right hand.
a person walks forward and to the right.
a person is doing a dance.
a person sits down cross legged then stands back up
a person takes one step to the side.
a person walks forward at a diagonal to the left.
the person is walking forward.
a person folds their arms in front of them.
a person stands still and lifts both hands up over his head.
a person walks forward slowly and then back.
a person runs to the right side.
a person takes a quick step to the right.
a person standing and using their left arm to hold an object while using their right arm to repeatedly cut something.
a person is walking forward, while avoiding something on the floor.
a person throws something with their left hand.
a person jumps up and down several times.
a person walks straight forward.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person picks something up with their right hand then walks over to clean something.
a person throws something with their left hand while balancing with their right.
a person walks backwards in a straight line.
the person is running forward.
a person is standing and is pushed to the left.
a person throws something with their right hand
a person walks forward in a counter clockwise direction.
the person is walking around.
a person standing still and then raises their left arm up.
the person is standing with his right arm above his head.
a person moving something from right to left
a person steps back, lifts his arms up to the sides and then moves them around, then raises his right leg up and back, while his left leg is raised up and forward.
a person walks straight forward.
the person is using his left hand to hold something.
a person standing and doing something with his hands
a person walks forward, then pivots on their right foot to turn around, and walks back.
a person walks to the right, walks back to the left, then walks side to side.
the person walks to the right then walks back to the left.
a person standing with arms outstretched at his side then moves his head from left to right and back again.
a person jumps up and down with their arms above their head.
a person walks forward at a fast pace.
the person is lifting their arms to the side of them.
a person walks forward in an arc to the right.
a person walks forward swinging their right arm in a wide motion, turns around and repeats the motion on the way back.
a person picking up an object and placing it to the side
the man lifts a weight with both hands.
a person walks in a clockwise circle
a person raises their left hand slightly, then lowers it.
a person reaches their right arm forward.
the person is moving their left hand around.
a person is pushed to the side but quickly recovers.
a person throws an object with their right hand, then catches an object.
a person picks up an object, cradles it, and then places it down.
a person slowly walks forward while holding their arms at their side.
a person is dancing in a club.
a person walks forward, turns around, and then squats down.
a person lowers his arms from shoulder height, then raises them back up.
a person is standing and moves their left hand in a clockwise motion
a person slowly looks right and left
a person raises and lowers their arms while moving their legs slightly.
a person walks forward and picks up an item with their left hand, and then moves it to the right side
a person throws something with their left hand.
a person walks upstairs
the man jogs in place
a person swings their right arm in a circle while rotating their torso.
a person checks their watch for the time.
a person walks forward in a straight line.
the person is kneeling on their right leg.
a person walks forward in a confident manner.
a person is flapping his arms with his hands in front of his face.
a person slowly walks forward.
a person steps to the side, then walks forward and turns around.
a person steps to the side, sits down, crosses his legs, then stands back up.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person doing jumping jacks
a person throws something with their left hand.
the man throws something with his left hand.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle.
a person takes a giant jump forward.
a person leans down with their arms outstretched, and then leans back up.
a person drinks from a cup in their right hand.
a person lunges forward.
a person walks forward.
a person takes a step to the right, then sits down and raises their right arm, before getting back up and taking a step forward.
the person is looking around.
a person walks in a clockwise circle.
a person walks forward then turns and walks back.
a person takes one step to the side.
a person jumps forward using both legs.
the person is throwing something out.
a person walks in a circle.
a person is doing stretching movements
a person walks slowly to the right.
a person raises both hands together in front of them.
a person raises both hands to their chest and claps quickly.
a person side steps backwards.
a person walks forward, leans over, picks up an object, and places it down.
a person stands and shakes their left leg.
a person reaches forwards and picks up an object with his left hand, then raises it to his head and turns to the right, then lowers his arm, and repeats the motion.
a person is holding their hands together, and then puts them up near their face.
a person raises their arms and stretching to the right and left.
a person throwing something underhand.
a person holds an object in front of them with both hands and rotates their left hand in a circular motion.
a person takes a step forward, then ducks under something while moving backwards, then takes another step backwards.
a person takes a step backward and sits down, then stands back up.
a person holds his arms up to his head as he walks in a circle.
a person walks forward at a diagonal.
the person is standing still and put his hands on his face.
a person steps to the right then to the left and throws something with his right hand.
a person lowers his arms and then raises his right hand to his face.
a person walks to the right then to the left.
a person puts both hands on his hips, then raises his arms up straight out.
a person walks in place without changing their center of gravity.
a person sits down and moves their right hand around while holding an object.
a person bends at the waist and moves their hips in a circular motion
a person is running in place then walks forward.
a person sits down on the floor.
a person is laying on the floor, then gets up
a person walks forward quickly.
a person walks forward and pours something with his left hand.
a person raises their arms up, then lowers them to their sides.
a person walks forward quickly.
a person walks forward and uses his left hand to pick up something and pours it to the right.
a person stands on one foot, while balancing a ball on his foot.
a person balancing on one leg.
a person is pushed to the right.
a person holds their hands up to their face and kicks their legs in and out, alternating between right and left.
a person swinging their arms and rotating them.
a person walking forward and then moving something
a person sits down and then gets back up.
the person is getting on his hands and knees and crawling.
a person is standing still and then raises his left hand slightly.
a person runs forward and stops.
a person walks in a counterclockwise direction.
a person walks straight backwards.
a person walks forward, turns around, and walks back.
a person walks side to side like a crab
the person threw something with their left hand.
a person raises both hands to their chest, then lowers them, and repeats
a person grabbed something with left hand
a person walks forward and then leans over.
a person is standing still and then starts to move
a person does an over head press.
a person stands and reaches up with both hands to pull a golf club.
a person stands with knees slightly bent and raises their arms out to the sides.
the man is doing upper body stretches
a person uses their right hand to hold an object steady while using their left hand to mix something in front of them.
a person sits down and then rises again
a person walks forward quickly.
a person jumps upwards and turns backwards.
the person walks and makes a right turn
a person picks up a large object with both hands and then throws it.
the person is drinking something.
the person is doing a side kick
a person jogs in place.
a person is standing in place.
a person walks forward, then bends down.
a person walks slowly in a counterclockwise circle.
a person runs forward quickly.
a person lifts his right foot and then his left foot.
a person waves with their left hand.
a person waves with their left hand.
a person picks up an object and places it to the right.
a person kicks their right foot backward.
