person walking at a average pace forward, swaying arms and torso with a sense of swagger
a person swings a golf club.
the person is running backwards quickly.
walking forward and then bending down.
a person stands still, while waving with their right hand.
a person walks several steps forward in a straight line.
a person, searching for something with their right hand, picks up the item with their left hand and places it in something by their head.
a person casually walks forwards, turns around, walks back, turns to the left, and backs up a few steps while raising both forearms level with the floor.
person staggers side to side from a standing position
a person picks up and moved an object from left to right.
a person walks backward for 3 steps.
a man walks 4 paces forward, then wipes his feet on the ground.
a person walks up to something, picks it up, brings it back to where they were, and begins to make a washing motion with their hand.
this person runs and ducks under something.
a person walks forward with his arms at his side slowly.
with hips swaying like a woman walking, this person takes 4 steps up the stairs, turns to the left on steps 5 & 6, then walks down the stairs in 4 more steps, walking back to where they started.
a person walks forward and then shuffles quickly to the right and then walks diagonally forward.
a person hops in place twice.
a person walks steadily along a path while holding onto rails to keep balance.
a man walks forward slightly angling to the left.
a figure struts forward confidently
man shakes left leg first and then right leg.
a person uses a hand rail while walking up and then down a flight of stairs.
a figure stretches is hands and arms above its head
a man walks slowly forwards, stepping widely to the left and right.
a person takes eight steps forming a complete circle
a person takes a step to the right.
a person walking forward before turning clockwise to stare down a ledge.
the man is walking slowly
a person pokes their right hand along the ground, like they might be planting seeds.
the person steps forward and uses the left leg to kick something forward.
a person walks around and stops.
a person crosses their arms
a person does squats with raised hands, pushing their hand bove their head when they stand up from the squat.
a person is doing starjumps then stops and starts exercising
figure waves hand in front of themselves.
a person claps rolls with their hands while sitting.
the person is waving with their left arm.
the person softly tosses the ball
a person walking back and fourth
a person stretches their arms up and then puts them down.
[from:0s-to:4s] a person bends their right hand above their head, and then reaches towards the top of their spine
the person through something up and kicked it forward.
the person is moving things on with both hands on a shelf.
a person slides an object from their right to left.
a person walking forward swinging their right arm and then turns around
person walks forward and to the right
person picks something up with right hand to adjust something.
a person walks around in a circle.
person he’s eating with his right finger.
a person walks to his right.
a man in spinning in circles and then stops.
the man is moving his arms and legs
a person uses both of their hands to pick up an object above head level, then crouches to put it down, then stands up straight.
the man is sitting down and standing up
a person takes a step forward with their left foot, kicks something with their right foot, and pulls their right and left foot back.
the person is walking back and forth.
he sits down in an armchair.
a person slowly walks backwards in a counter clockwise motion while dragging their left foot.
a person jumps over an object in front of them
a person takes small steps back and forth while swinging their arms in the air
a person jumps in the air, spinning in a complete circle, walks forward, then walks backwards.
a person throwing a punch with left hand.
person is stretching to the side.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides, crosses his arms, then slightly adjusts his arms in the crossed position, then drops his arms to his original position.
a person has their elbows at chest height with hands in front of body.
the sim is standing, raises their left arm to make a windmill motion.
a person slowly waves with their left hand twice
a person bends down forward.
the headless person with a broken back walked up to a chair, sat down, then applauded their self for doing so.
a person is combing their hair
this person is holding his arms out and dancing the walls.
the person kick his right foot up and both hands up in clockwise circle and stop.
a person lifts up their left arm to the side.
a person lifts up something heavy and passes to someone on his right several times.
the person was running with a straight drive in the football in his hand.
clamped both hands together, stepped feet together on one side then returned to middle and released hands.
a person standing in one location dancing or mimicking a gorilla.
a person moves from kneeling with their hands on their ground to having their feet and hands on the ground
a person stretches their elbows behind them.
a person walks forward with arms at their sides, turns around, and walks back while lifting their arms to their belly.
a person walks in a right bend direction.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides, bends to his left, reaches down and picks something up with both hands, then moves the item to his right and places it down.
a person slowly walks in an s shape while shifting weight between each leg
the person dodges something that was going to hit their head, then walks around and bends down a little and holds their head.
person got down on his knees with his arms straight out holding himself up.
person moves forward sluggishly then runs in other direction
a man dances forard then back
a man walks forward on a diagonal holding on to the railings on each side of him while he walks.
a person brings their right arm and leg across their body, extends them and then swings them back to the left and twirls around on their left foot.
a person urgently backs up before crawling on all fours back and forth and getting up again.
the person standing with his arms out wide and then calls them into chest.
a figure stands with its arms sort of out to its sides, swaying slightly back and forth tentatively
a person has both of their hands holding where their head would be and frantically jogs around.
person takes a step to the right and seems to injure right leg
a man stumbles sideways to the left.
a person walks while slowly swaying their hands and arms.
this person moves quickly left then right to sit down.
a person walks forward with a slight limp.
person walks forward in straight line 4 steps and then stops.
walking backwards and then forward.
a person jogs in place.
a person uses reaching motion with right arm, and then brings hands to middle and extends arms outward and horizontally twice
he pushes recovery on left arm
a person hold their hands out in front of them and slowly swings back and forth starting to the right
person walks then steps over something
a person climbs a ladder
the person is moving his arm to the left.
person is running from side to side
stick figure bends over picks somthing up then starts walking forward
a man runs on a flat surface
a  man uses his right hand to fill in something and bends to collect it down,turns and goes back.
a person who is stirring with their right arm
walking forward with legs wide apart.
a person jogging in place.
he sctratches his head
a person walks forward and bends over to pick something up, then walks forward more and places the object on a table
a person slowly walks forward.
person backed up and sat down
a person walks backwards and stops.
a person puts his hands together in front of him then rests them on his side
a person takes a step forward, squats down, places their right hand on the ground in front of them, moves their hand slightly counter clockwise then stands up.
a person walks to the right and sits down.
the man looks to shake someone's hand before giving a wave with his right hand and walking out.
the person is sitting down i think scratching head.
a person runs or jogs in place as if they are warming up for something
a person drops his arms, claps his hands together, then walks four steps to his right and sits down.
person makes motions like hit bongos.
the blue and red stick figure is scratching his shoulder
a person jumps while turning back and forth; they stumble back on their last jump since they try to do a 360 turn unsuccessfully
a person is walking around the room.
the human stick figure leaned to his left walked to right leaned and lift habd in circular motion.
a person stands up straight, turns over their right shoukder trying to dodge something, stumbles bacj to center and then turns over left shoukder trying to dodge something
the person who does arms straight out and then it’s doing something with their right hand in front of their face.
a man is picking up using his left hand and then turns to the side with left foot.
a person walks up to a backwards chair and sits down on it with legs outstretched, then stands back up.
the person is playing dodgeball.
he has a pain in musclehead
a person swings his arms, twists and kicks out with his right foot.
the person checks their right wrist as if checking the time.
a person is standing swinging both arms back and forth, then walks backwards and stretches their right arm by imitating a throwing motion.
a person throws something with their right hand.
a person balances on one foot and waves their arms up and down.
a man is alternating hopping on one foot.
this person is running quickly across the space.
person is slowly throwing a base ball.
the person is pretending he’s a dog.
a person moves around their space while sweeping.
a man is walking forward in a hurry
a person puts his right hand by his head, looks around, then puts his hand back down again
a man jumps and spins to the left.
a man holds his arms out for balance and then takes a small jump.
the person adjusts their shoulders before outstretching their arms.
the person has their hands together in front of them and then swings them to their left.
the person work for you turn right and walk back
a person raised a little hand
a person with no head walks down a rectangle block swaying his or her arms.
a person gets on the ground and does a downward dog pose
the person is walking upstairs.
a person quickly sidesteps to the left and regains balance.
a man walks forward, canting slightly to the right.
a person grabbed something with both hands and put it down
a person walks in a curve to the right, turns and climbs several stairs.
a person has their left hand on their ear, pumps their right arm.
the man is laying down and getting up
person is clapping their hands.
a person walks and turns right
a person walks around in a clockwise direction.
a person walking down something fast.
a person standing waiting for the train
the person raises their arms to the side
a person moves their arm in broad strokes up and down, and then back and forth.
the man steps back picks up some food and takes a bite then sets it back on the table.
a person is holding their right arm to their head and then returns it back to side several times while walking in clockwise circle.
a person jogs in place for a few seconds and then stops.
a person does a forward kick with his right leg.
a person slowly walks forward with spine slightly hunched forward,  turns around to their right and walks forward some more in the other direction, and then turns around to their right and walks forward again
a person is walking backwards slowly.
while standing in a half-squat with hands on knees, person turns head side to side and then quickly turns body and head counterclockwise.
the persons turns sideways and does 2 push out movements with its arms.
a man stretches his right arm forward and then stretches out his left arm multiple times.
a person walks in a clockwise circle.
the person jumps forward and turns to his left.
a person with their knees on the ground and their hands, gets up.
a person picks something up with both hands, tilts it, then sets it down
a person lifts something with both hands, moves it to his right and sets it down.
a  man kneels down then stands back up.
the person is standing still with his arms that aside.
a person puts their hands on their hips
a person warms up pectorals by waving arms inwards and outwards.
a person takes one step forward towards the right
a person raises his right hand to shoulder height and raises his left hand and impersonates strumming a guitar
a person puts hands together, then places them on his thighs and lastly outstretched from his sides.
a man throws a ball.
moving to the side and throwing something.
this person moves both arms out to his sides in a large circular motion then walks forward.
a person stands while raising their right hand, bending by the elbow, to their facial area, pauses, and puts their right arm back down.
the man moves forward slowly
a man stands on the ground, turns half way around counter-clockwise walks away 8 steps and turns back around.
a person walks backwards 6 1/2 steps, turns around and returns walking backwards 7 steps.
with the right arm bent with the hand facing up, the left hand high in the air and the right foot out, the person brings arms down and foot forward. then the person bows and move arms outward.
person is stumbling while trying to pick up something
a person clasps and unclasps his hands in front of his face.
a person moved in right and after left direction
a person raised arms up and pull them down
figure appears to be showing pain in right leg
the person performs various stretches.
the person pushes off their leg to move forward
the character is crouching down and shuffling.
a person is sitting on the ground, scratches their face with their right hand, and turns to the right to look behind him.
a person walks in a clockwise circle.
a person stretches their arms above their head and outward.
a person uses their right hand to tilt something towards their head
moving hands in a circular motion.
the person is standing still doing body stretches.
the girl squats down and crawls forward on her hands and knees.
a person sidesteps back and forth.
a person leaps forwards, then leaps to the left, and then to the right.
he lunges his left arm
a person takes a slight step back
person is checking the time
a person holds their arms out, stands on their left leg and waves around their right leg.
a person start action with both of his hands at equal level as his shoulders puts them down and then lifts something
a person raises his right hand to his head and then lowers it back to his side.
a figure gestures with arms outstretched to the left and then twists with arms still extended
person balances on left leg then with arms up high has arms fully extended keeping balance on left leg
a person lifts his right hand to his mouth are and then puts it back by his side.
a person extends their right arm, and brings it back several times.
a person throws something with their right hand hard.
a person steps back and forth and swats something to the ground
a person slowly walks sideways from right to left.
a person walks forward, bends down, picks something up and moves it, gets back up and walks back.
a man walks down some stairs, ending in a standing position.
a person starts sitting down.
a human os crawling on the ground with hands and knees, stands up first on his left foot and turns counter clockwise one hundred and eighty degrees.
the person is lifting a dumbbell with the right hand.
a person limping around loosely.
a person stands forward and doing the call with his right arm.
a figure walks forward and gives a sligh kick with thr left foot before stepping backward to the starting position.
a person is using both hands to mix dough
a man evenly walks calmly forward while swinging left and right arms.
a person walks forward and slaps his right hand on it, while tapping his left food
stick figure stood still moving his arms in a strumming motion
the person is walking back-and-forth from left to right back to the left.
he rows on a big boat
the person is walking forward turning left.
someone walking then sitting down in a chair.
a man squatted down, moving arms left and right.
the person who’s walking diagonally to the right.
a man  walks forward in a steady pace.
a person jumps into the air and does a 180.
this figure seems to be jumping over something
moving front and little  band  at left side.
person walks forward then turn around to the right and walks back
the man is pushing from left side
a person claps four times.
someone walks forward turn right and stop
a person throwing something at shoulder height.
a person is wavering a bit, then turns around.
moving hands side to side.
the man runs quickly fron the top to the bottom.
a person waves, takes a step back, turns clockwise and waves again
person steps to the right two steps then steps to the left two steps then steps back to where he started.
he does a punchkarate walk
the person is jumping up and down.
a person walks up stairs.
someone hold heads in hands and bend to the left, trying to dodge something
eating food from waist height
someone turns to flatten themselves against a wall then sidesteps along in a straight line forward then back.
the person is stretching arms out.
the person is moving his arms like he is arguing with someone.
a person leans to the right, then the left and then moves their right foot out and then their left foot out.
a person walks forward, picks something up off of the floor, then puts it on a low shelf or object.
waving hands in the air above head.
a person takes a jump sideways to their right.
person thrusts right leg forward in lunge three times  and extends upper body forward three times at same time
a person grabs their right foot and places it on their left thigh, and balances on one foot and then does the same with the other foot.
a person doing jumping jacks.
a person side steps to the right, then side steps to the left and final back to the right
backwards all four walk and dodge
a person walks in a circle at a steady pace with their head slightly tilted downwards.
a person is walking forward.
hands in fighting position while the left foot kicks aggressively up and over.
a person walks up touches his shoulder them walks a full circle and stops
a person stands with their arms out at the sides, jumps up one time, then walks forward
a person crosses his legs and sits down maintaining that position.
a person reaches down with his right hand and twists his wrists left and right.
this man bends down to pick up a box or ball, and then puts it on a shelf, which is on his chest level.
a person jumps forward a few inches.
a person walks on stepping stones.
person steps to the right 3 times and then steps to the left 4 times
a man turns to his right and out stretches his left hand then alternates with his right hand.
a person lifting this right leg and adjusting his shoes and tying the laces on the shoes
a person walks forward, spins around and walks back.
the man lifts a dumbell over his head
the man walked forward, forming a forty-five degree angle.
a person is walking backwards.
a person with their hands on their chest and elbows out to the side flaps their elbows several time turned slightly to the right the wiggles to the left side and then wiggles to their right side and repeats the elbow flapping motion.
this person is jumping in the air.
taking a small hop and few steps to the left
a person punches left a few times.
person walks forwards at a fast pace, turns around 180 degrees clockwise using only their right leg as support, and then walks forwards again.
a person walks forwards and swings their right arm backwards twice.
a figure rubs its hands together and shifts its weight from foot to foot
a person who is sitting with their arms bent turns their arms back and forth
the person was pushed backwards.
doing jumping jacks in place.
person raises right arm to shoulder height and then lowers it back down by side
the person reached on the table picked up a lightbulb and screwed it in.
stand on the floor and jump forward.
a figure bends down to sit on the floor slowly and cross-legged
a person who has his hands by his sides slowly creeps forward while looking about.
an idividual in compat position wirh right leg and arm placed forward is truning clockwise while holdinf the position.
a person dodges to the left, then to the right, then performs a kick with the left leg.
person is standing and stretching out their triceps
a person walks forward slowly while holding on to something on either side of them.
a person folds their arms over their chest, and then unfolds them.
a person uses his hands to dig a space inside of something, then he picks up an object to his right, places the object into the space, and finally he partially covers the object with the substance he initially removed.
a man raises his left hand over his head, the lets it back down next to his hip.
person took his right hand to his mouth
a person stands with a wide defensive stance.
a person walks forward, twirls and then walks back.
a person walks forward very slowly.
the person is walking around.
a man marches forward then turns around and marches in the opposite direction.
as a man jumps up and down he raises both arms straight up, then parallel to the ground, then down, then repeats the motion.
a person throws with the right arm.
a person walks forward and stops.
a figure stands in place, crossing its arms
a man places his left hand onto his right biceps the returns of to his side.
a man circles his weight about his right ankle.
a man diving into water, swimming.
the person walks forward, somewhat slowly.
a person is running on a treadmill.
a person turns to throw something with his left hand.
a person throws something with their right hand.
person lifts hands up in front of face
a person dances rhythmically with their partner who leads the dance, and they execute a few spins.
a person with knees bent stands and holds arms out to the sides, drops them down to his side
a person walks forward, and then takes a sharp turn left, back to where they started.
person crouches down with both shoulders and legs wide apart from back to front
the person smashed a tennis ball with his tennis racket.
a man walks forwards and then pivots back in a clockwise half circle.
the person has their arms out horizontally, drops their arms while taking two steps back, then sits down and places their hands on their knees.
the person is pretending to be an animal.
a person moves their head in a clockwise circle by using the range of motion in their neck
person is holding onto a handrail
the person is standing still with their arms on their hips, they lean back on their right leg while extending their left leg and do two mini dips with their right leg
a person slowly stepping forward trying to avoid some things on the ground.
a person slowly walk forward, stops, and makes a gesture with their right hand implying "never mind"
a person walks forward then sits down, and rubs their hands together while also tapping their feet and slowly slumping forward.
person seems to be speaking using his hands as jesters while speaking.
the person marches forward, directed to the right
a person puts both hands in the air.
person is walking down then around.
the person jumps up from  indian style sitting position onto two feet standing position. then the person leaps once.
the standing person kicks with their left foot before going back to their original stance.
a person does a spinning kick in an anticlockwise direction and ends up in a fighting pose
he steps forward and picks something from a shelf, then turns, walks back, turns around, and returns it.
bringing hand towards face.
a person turns in a clockwise direction, holds their hands up as if to push something, and takes a step forward and a step back.
this person moves his left arm making a wide circular motion then moves both arms the same way.
a person walks down some stairs
a person starts in a squat with arms outstretched, then lowers their hands to their thighs and stands still.
a person walks forward as if they start to walk up stairs.
a person walks in a curve towards the right
a person prepares to throw something with their right arm and completes the throw.
a man starts with his hands together in front of his face then drops them to his sides spiritless and raises back in front of his face.
raising hand to head as if blocking the sun from vision
a person bends to the right
a person is awkwardly shuffling around a room, maybe dancing, maybe exercising but cannot be sure.
a person walks forward to the right and casually looks around.
a person casually takes 3 steps forwards and then goes into a sumo squat .
a person takes two steps and throws sometime
a person crosses his arms.
a man slowly raises both arms high over his head in a stretch, holding the posture for several seconds, with his right arm stretched out to his side.
man running and stopping after
while sitting a person raises his left hand to his face and back down.
a person walks forward on a beam.
a person runs forward, pauses, and then continues running forward.
a person is jogging then stops then starts to jog again.
walking forward and then to the side.
the person is moving around jumping around.
a man stands on the ground ,moves his right hand foward , and then moves his left foot foward trying to kick something.
a person holding something walks forward, puts it down on the ground, then continue to walk forward.
the person is bouncing the right arm up and down.
a person stands from the ground, takes left foot up, sets back down, does the same on the right side.
a person is contracting his right arm multiple times.
a person crosses their arms in front of their chest, then drops them back at their sides.
crouching down then walking.
person is looking at someone with their right hand.
a person with their left hand strait in the air tilts left and right quickly
a person moves back and forth to loosen up their muscles, and then claps their hands to cheer someone on.
a person raises both arms towards their face and pushes one leg up and out.
a person has something in their left hand, and brings it to their face.
a person is sweeping the floor
he does a hand stand, holds it a few seconds then stands back up.
a person jogs around in a semi circle and then back, before walking.
the person sat down in the chair.
a person walks forward, is pushed backward, and then resumes walking forward.
a man sprints forward then goes down to all fours continuing forward and stands back up.
a man begins to walk down a ramp, swinging his arms forward and backward and when he gets sto the bottom he walks back up again.
a person attemps to walk byt is stumbling
he does a robot dance
a person bends at the knees with their arms back and then jumps up and slightly forward.
a person brings his right hand to his face.
a person brings their right arm towards their face/neck area.
a person turns to the right and walks right , pivots and turns to the left  walks to almost the end , and turns right and ends where  they orginally started.
a person makes an underhanded throw with his right arm, as if rolling a ball, before raising both arms into the air as if throwing a ball, then he takes two steps back and runs forwards quickly.
the person is hopping up-and-down.
a person who is waling straight ahead
a man walks forward two steps and kicks his right leg and foot into the air two times in a row. he then walks backwards two steps and pauses, followed by walking forward two steps and kicks into the air with his left leg and foot.
a person is doing bicep curls with both arms.
a man walks forward in a straight line at first then sidles to the right side.
person is doing some sort of dance
a person steps over an object/puddle while walking.
a person walking by making a large circle
a person walks in a curved angle then stops.
a person swings their left hand above their head and in front of them.
person is jumping up and down slightly on the spot
person is standing and jumping on one feet.
a person walks and stumbles on their right foot.
a person opens a bottle and drinks from it with their left hand.
a person reaches forward with their right arm
person walk forward them crouched slightly.
a person talks while using right hand.
the person is making dough.
a person walks forward with a limp.
a standing person first puts both of their hands on their hips, then kicks out their left leg, then raises both of their hands in the air above their head, and finally waves their left hand, palm down, in front of them.
someones walks forward in a side to side pattern.
the person is walking up the stairs
the person lifts and moves both arms around.
man stands and rotates both arms in multiple directions and then lifts one leg and then the other.
a person raised the hands and start to make wave
a person hops up and down in place.
a person is sitting down, using a phone with their hands and puts it up to their ear.
this person walks in a circle then turns to move left.
a person standing up uses both hands to perform a swimming motion, in which they move both hands away from their body horizontally at chest level.
a person walks in a small, counterclockwise circle, three times, while crossing one foot over the other.
a person walks while holding on to handrails.
a person bend the arms and knee and strat to warm up
this person walks forward then turns right and walks back.
a person paces back and forth
a person walks backward quickly.
a person walks forward, ankle to toe, while holding both arms out to the side and holding the wall to steady themself.
a man is running with arms at side.
this person slowly moves from left to right as if to be gentle.
a man is walking strait forward at a moderate pace with his arms moving naturally
a person stretches their right shoulder an then their left.
a person walks backwards sits, stands and walks forward again.
a person walks around like a robot
a man puts both arms down and moves his head side to side and in a circular motion.
a man walks backwards without looking behind himself.
the sim walks forward, reaching the end of the plane and looping backwards again.
a person moves forward then right while making the motion of shaking the hands with the left arm, both arms and then the left arm again.
a person lifts both arms out to the side and waves their upper arms back and forth.
a person lifts dumb bells
a person reaches form something on the left and moves it to the right.
a person walks forwards doing ballet, skipping then raising one leg, then skipping and raising the other leg.
a person in a squatting position, tilts and object back and forth
a person walks forward and then turns around on his left foot and walks back.
this person walks in a counterclockwise direction.
a person makes stiff staggering motions forward.
a man turns towards his left, steps back with his left foot to look over his left shoulder, then returns his left foot pauses, steps backwards with his right foot and looks over his right shoulder.
the figure flexes its arms upwards towards its face at elbow level five times.
moving sideways then stopping.
a man walks and steadies himself with a handrail.
a person walks forward and then stumble to their left.
a man is doing karate moves.
the person walks forward, waved their hand then stepped backward
a person turns around sadly to wipe away their tears.
a person leans over with their hands on their knees, raises their left hand to touch/scratch the back of their head, and then resumes an athletic looking stance
a person walks curved to their left.
a person stands with their right arm out while moving their right leg.
a person is jogging on a treadmill.
a person slowly walked and made a cicrle and after leaned on the back
a person bends at the knees and pushes off the ground, moving through the air and landing a few feet from where they once were.
right hand goes over and infront the left just goes in front
a person takes slow, steady steps forward with their arms loose at their side
this person sits on a chair then moves to the floor to sit down.
a person takes three steps backward.
person moves right hand bringing hand to face and then bends arm away from body and hangs it at the elbow.
a person walks forward then walks up something.
the figure walks from the bottom left to the top right of the square, and bends down as if picking something up twice.  then it turns around.
moves right arm down to the left bending to the floor, then lifte the box, stands up, and turns to his left turns round and places item at waist height
a person slowly walked backwards
a man backsteps for several seconds, starting with his right foot.
a person throws an object with their right hand.
this person walks forward then turns left to walk back.
a person is walking around in circles with their right arm resting on or in something.
a person steps over something low and then keeps walking forward.
person holds left arm out and right arm forward, then shuffles side to side as if doing the chacha dance
a person who is running launches off of his left foot, jumps forward, lands on both feet and continues running.
the person makes the sign of the cross three times with their right  hand.
the guy is stumbling around backwards and forwards.
a man walks forward slowly.
a person picks something up and put it to the left side.
a person slowly walked forward in righr direction and after person raised right and left hand
a person reaches his right arm straight forward
a person walks diagonally to his left, turns around, and walks halfway in the other direction.
the person was pushed backwards but did not fall down.
a man picks up an object with his left hand then places the object down with his right hand.
a person standing up leans forward, then lowers their head and arms.
a person steps forward, then quickly turns and steps backwards.
a person stumbles a little while walking.
a man walks forwards then sits in a chair and repositions himself for comfort.
a person stands with both hands on their thighs and raises his hands to their shoulder height, then puts his arms back onto their thighs.
a person does jumping jacks.
walking forward and then stopping.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person throws an object with a sidearm, shoots a basketball, and then throws overhand
a person taking slow steps forward.
a figure walks on their heels
a figure walks forward slowly and then up stairs
a person stares at the ground then stands up straight
the man is walking with handrail table
bending down then moving arms.
a person holds their hands at their waist while making pecking motions with their body like a chicken.
from a standing pose with both arms raised, the person twists from left to right and then from right to left
person walks forward, turns left, and walks back
a person is leaning and checking their surroundings.
the rig walks forward then turns around and continues walking before stopping where he started
a person jogs in place.
a person has both hands up and repeatedly squats down, bending at the knees.
garbage man throws garbage in the truck
a person walks slowly forward
a man leans forward while swinging his clasped hands in front of him.
starting with his left foot, a person ambles forward.
walks and stumbles around with the arms out in front of the body.
a man kneels down and braces himself on a stool with his right hand.
a man walks moderately forward.
a person runs forward and to his left and jumps over something midway.
a person is walking drunk in a circle clockwise
the person was standing still.
a person walks in a clockwise direction.
the man kicks with his right foot.
a person walks turning to the right.
a standing person holding an object in each hand pushes overhead while turning hands inward at bottom of the movement.
the person standing looking at a subject in his camera.
person walks forward quickly in the centre
a person walks in a large circle to their right.
a person is walking in a counter clockwise circle.
walked right then went up  ladder, holding on with both arms then reached with right arm to grab something
a person steps forward then goes down to the ground on their hands and knees, then they crawl forward on all fours.
a person is walking up stairs and holding onto the rail
a man spins around counter-clockwise before shaking something with both hands. he then takes a step back and shakes something with just his left hand.
the person threw some thing forward.
this person twist at the hips and bends left to right with arms extended.
person makes one large step to the right
a person with arms open low hanging and drawing a small circle innerward, and then staggering backward a few steps, but still remains standing position.
person is doing a ballet dance
a person walks forward slowly, then jumps once.
a person jogs towards the right in a arc pattern, turns and then jogs back.
the being bends over to pick something up and put on a shelf, then does so again.
subject is standing facing forward the subject kicks left leg 2 times forward then kicks   left leg 2 times to the side next the subject's right arm punches forward
the person took a step and jump backwards.
a person walks around slowly in a counter-clockwise direction, with little arm swinging; a deliberate stepping action (long stride, almost like counting meters).
the person quickly runs off.
the person is walking on the treadmill.
the man is walking fast
the person steps backward, sits in a chair and then stands up
a person who is standing with his arms extended at shoulder height drops his hands to his knees and holds that position before raising his arms to his original position.
a person in a sitting position hitting with his right hand to throw something
a man waves with his right hand.
person looks like they're brushing teeth and proceed to rinse with water
the being feels gas within its hearing sense of its sun, then returns to its current position.
a person is crouched over trying to swat at something.
a person is holding their head with both arms.
a person steps back with his right leg, dragging his left leg on the ground.
the man is standing in front of a counter and starts wiping the counter with a circular motion.
a person swings a golf club hard.
a man carefully walks backwards to the opposite end of the room.
a person walked in left direction and return
a person hunches his shoulders, puts his hands on his hips, pivots slightly to the right, and leans in on his right foot, as if to start walking somewhere in a deliberate and purposeful manner.
someone begins walking then seems to trip to the right before correcting the path they were on.
walking forward then backwards.
he picks up two items from a table, pours one into a pot, and sprinkles the other before stepping back.
person takes one step backward to their right
picks up something and moves arms over to the left to place it down
person walks backwards in a straight line
a man walks backwards and then stops.
a person plays a violin with their right hand in the air and their left hand holding the bow.
the person jumps over something and lands on feet.
a man walks forward and then back in a boxing stance.
the person lifts his right hand to his face.
a person moving their leg in a circular motion  and then swinging it forward and backwards
a person punches as if they are boxing.
a person wakls  forward, then turns on his left foot and goes back
a person has a bouncy walk forward, turns around and walks back.
a man picks something with his right hand, shakes it, then puts it back.
the figure looks like it types in a number and then makes a phonce call.
a person takes a wide swing with their left hand.
this person stands stills and looks to be making a drink.
a person waiving looking straight and then turning attention to the left.
a person walks forward with their arms extended to the side.
a person stumbles to the right
the person walks in a clockwise circle
the person is handling something.
a person walks forward several steps then loses their balance, hesitates and leans towards the right; takes several more steps with their body swaying towards the left,
a person bent over bracing object with right hand and rotating object with their left hand.
a person walks forward and then zig zags to avoid an obstacle.
a person walking and jumping forward.
a person walks forward and makes a waving motion twice with his right arm, and repeats the movement one more time.
a person walks down a ramp.
squat down place your palms on the floor and hop like a frog.
a person moves his right and left hand around.
a person steps forward, gestures with their left hand and steps back.
a man is in a squatting position, hands at shoulder height, and he lifts his right arm before dropping it.
a man takes 1 step to the left.
a person is kicking something with their right leg, and then starts to kick something else behind them with their left leg.
a man walks forward before stopping.
person shuffles quickly to the right then shuffles quickly to the left.
a person walks at a medium pace, diagnally towards the camera
a person casts a fishing line, then reels it in.
someone gestures with their right hand, makes a rowing motion to their right and left, then gestures in a s shape with both their hands before putting both hands in the air.
a person jumps sideways to his left side.
a person walks around with swagger using their right hand to wave.
a person walks while swinging his arms.
a person flinches at the shoulders.
person throws something forward with right hand.
a person approaches someone and they begin to slow dance.
a man raises their right arm, sets it down, raises its right arm again, then sets it down, then raises it left arm.
this person kicks with his left leg then jabs several times.
a person walks in a circular motion
the man does 3 jumping jacks.
a person does windmills with their right arm.
a man walks swiftly in a curved line with his back bent.
a person walks forward, hand at the side.
a person appears to be ice skating.
a person turns their upper body to the left and right at the waist white waving their right hand.
a stick model is squatting and joining their arms in front
the man is making gestures
the sim is jogging in circles.
someone bend down to tye a shoe
the figure takes 4 large steps forward, with shoulder squared.
person has their left hand raised, then lowers it and then uses their right hand to express their thoughts. looks like they're having a conversation with another person in an expressive way
a man walks forward, starting with his right foot he places one in front of the other.
a person moving forward while bending over and waving their arm behind their back.
a person swings their right hand into an upper cut punch.
moving arm towards face repeatedly.
the person was walking forward them backed up.
a person walks forward at an average pace to the edge of a grey square, turns ninety degrees to their right, then walks forward to another edge of the same square.
a person walks forward then turns around and walks back.
jumping up and down.
a person raises both hand up in front of his face.
a person loses balance and walks backwards to the right.
a person slowly walked forward
a person turns to his right, picks up something with his right hand, and then turns around and walks diagonally to his left.
a person is shaking something with red arm and pouring something with blue arm.
the person climbs up something for few steps.
a person moves forward slightly.
a person slides foot to the right and then walks in a circle.
a person stands bent back nonchalant.
a person stretches an arm, then raises both arms.
a person steps forward and kicks an object.
a man jumps from left to right.
the person put his left arm in front of his face and dropped it down and put it back up again.
a person raises right hand, waves with hand, and then places the hand back at side.
walks downwstairs forward directly
a person puts both hands in front of him.
the person is playing the drums with both hands.
a person slowly walked forward sit on the knee and stand up , and after went back
a figure walks with their hands in the air.
a man picks something up, drinks it and then puts it back.
a person jumps in place.
a person lifts his left arm into the air.
person moving arm in up motion
this person is dancing quickly all around.
a person uses their left knee to get up from the floor.
a person squats, gets back up the makes a t-shape with its body.
a person walks ina curved line.
a person is leaning forward and reaching for something.
the person is punching the air.
a person walking forward agressivly
this person was walking leisurely .
a person walks forward and moves their arms
a person walks straight forward at moderate speed.
a figure steps forward with one leg and swings his arm over his head and diagonally across in a pitching motion.
a person is running fast then stops
someone makes a sweeping gesture with their left arm, then swings both their arms in a circle as if they are swimming.
a person is doing a salsa dance moving their legs and arms.
this person stands still then lifts his right foot.
a person runs towards the right side.
a person is walking, turns around and then walks back
a person stepping back and putting both arms up in front of face
a person walks slowly and then begins to jump around and wave their arms in the air.
a person walks in a circle to the right.
a person walks in a large, counterclockwise, circular shape.
a person puts his arms up and extends them outwards then puts them back down again
a person squats down then stands back up and rotates their torso left and right.
a man first walks forward and then to the right.
a person is walking in a u-shape while facing forward.
a person wiggles their hips back and forth while waving their arms.
the man is making gestures
the man is eating his finger i think
a person is dribbling a basketball while trying to keep the ball away from another player.
a person picks up two objects, pours something from the left object into the right object, and then sets them back down.
a person raises their arms to mid level and tends to something (planting a plant?).
a person stands still and then walks forward and leans down to wash something with his left hand.
person rubs hands together while shifting side to side and the gives a thumbs down
the person puts their hands inward and flaps their arms up and down.
a person waltzes back and forth with another person.
a man seems to be walking forward on a straight line
the person was running to pick up a box.
person arches both hands at his sides, scratching at his side with his left arm first, before then using both arms to scratch his sides, then raising his right arm to scratch his head.
the figure begins from an initial pose, and swings hands and jumps as if jumping rope, then stops, and restarts.
person touch his head or face with right hand.
a person winds up right arm and does a kick with left leg.
person is practicing tennis moves
the person that was doing a windmill spinning around.
with legs shoulder width apart, person brings arms to their thighs before out stretching back outward to their side.
the person is walking very slow
person takes step down then two steps on the same spot and then big jump dow and half turn to the right
a man moved forward swinging his right arm side to side.
a person opens a bottle and drinks from it.
a person moving the shoulders round and tries to wiggle the hips.
a person takes steps to the left and to the right before standing in place
a person positions his arms and legs and uses the right arm to punch to the left.
the toon turns around, walking backwards to the end of the plane before once again turning around.
a person brings their hands to their face and looks to each side.
a person raises both their arms over their head while bending their elbows, they then bend their knees in a squat, and then come out of it.
a person has arms back and head forwards bouning around.
a person moves his hands together.
a person moves three steps to the left, four steps to the right and two steps back in a side step motion.
a person drops their hands to their side and then raises them again.
person is flexing their left bicep
the soccer player kicks the ball
a person walks slowly backwards while on their toes.
a person kneels down on both knees.
a person stands up from being on one knee
a person hops on one leg to the right with their left leg trailing behind them.
the person was running to the right and then to the left very quickly.
swimming diagonally to the left
a man sits down on the ground cross-legged and throws an object with his right hand.
a person walks forward and touches the floor, then walks back and touches the floor and stops.
a person takes a few steps towards their right while lifting a cell phone to their ear.
a person walks in a straight line then turns left, perpendicular to their original path.
the person is walking around
a man walks forward and turns to the right.
a person standing waves arms once above his head so others can find him.
a person is standing with their right arm slightly outstretched before taking a quick step backwards.
a person moves their right hand that starts in front of their body with their other hand, in a counter clockwise circle to the right of their body and when the arm reaches back to the front of the circle the left hand in brought to meet the left hand. this happens again as if the person is throwing a ball with their right hand
the sim is standing, swaying waving both hands the left after the right several times.
person is running on treadmill
a person walks slowly to the right, then left, and stops in the center
a person picks up something on the left and put it on the right.
a person is standing relaxed, then stiffens up and salutes with their right hand before relaxing again.
a person takes two steps forward then spins around on their left foot in the opposite direction and then takes two steps forward again.
a person shuffles in to the left and then to the right
a man slowly leaps forward, turns around and leaps again and then repeats the forward leap.
a person walks forward very slowly.
the man is dribbling with the basketball
a person standing with both arms out moves something.
a person makes a throwing motion with their right arm.
a person holds out their right hand.
someone runs forward quickly, swinging their arms back and forth in front of them.
a person walks, turns around, and then walks back
a man takes a step back, slightly to the right
a man picks something up with both hands and moves it to the side.
a person slowly moved forward in right direction
the body walks forward and slowly twirls backwards to keep walking.
a person walks forward then turns around to the right and returns.
a person hops forward once.
a person walks up some stairs
a person squats to the ground and stands back up.
a person walks forward, turns and sits down, putting their hands on something before getting up and walking back the way they came.
a person walks forward in a squat and then returns to their starting point
a person who is standing with this hands by his sides walks forward and then takes two steps up.
a person is putting on deodorant.
a person takes 5 steps forward.
a person turns to the right then returns to a neutral position.
a person slowly moving his both hands
the arms going up and down in front of the chest while the right and left legs stepping back and forth at the same time.
person does one squat from a standing position
a person initially running and decelerating to a walking pace.
a person takes a step down.
this person stands still then stumbles right.
a man is standing then moves his right hand then claps his hand
a person makes a swirling motion with their hand and then raises right arm to drinking position.
a person puts their left hand on a surface then walks forward.
a person is walking in one place.
a person is having a hearty laugh and makes a jovial motion with their left hand.
a person walks slightly to the right forward
a man walks then looks around and then walks in the direction he was looking back in.
a person performing star jumps
the person is scampering around swinging his arms and legs.
a person walks with their left arm on a railing.
a person uses his arms to maintain balance, takes a step forward and puts his arms back down
a person bends and walks forward, gradually extending their arms as they go.
a person walks forward a few steps
a person turns slowly to the left and walks forward, trips over something and then turns around and limps forward.
talking wide steps confusingly in a half jagged circle, then the left hand goes up towards the face.
swinging right foot forward than left foot
this person lifts and item with both hands and places it down to the right.
the person is on floor crawling.
a standing person raises his hands to his mouth area, as if calling out to someone, then drops the hands back to the waist.
a person walks forward and then paddles the air with their hands.
a person walks at a fast pace forward.
figure runs forward quickly in a diagonal direction.
a man stands without moving for a few seconds, then takes a small side step
a person runs and jumps over an object, turns around and jumps over it again.
the toon is crouched down on one knee, stands up shuffles, raising both hands in front of them while walking to the end of the plane & turning around.
a person grabs a ladder in front of them, then climbs up the ladder, before returning down.
a person stayed on the place while sttreching the back
a person runs to their right and then curves to the left and continues to run then stops.
a person looking to there right then shifting to their left.
a man is standing with feet wide apart and arms out swinging/swaying different motions acting like a monkey.
a person quickly takes 5 steps backwards.
a man walks forward and then stumbles before continuing.
a person is doing jumping jacks, then starts jogging in place.
this person lifts his right arm out front and points.
a person appears to be sitting.
person is making a rule signal for basketball
a person person walks up something.
person walks in a complete clockwise circle
he throws something very high
a person leans to the right with arms up shoulder height with bent elbows in front of body.
the person moves their hands as if throwing something.
person quickly runs forward before stopping
a person begins from a standing position, begins to run to their left, turns around almost immediately, runs several steps, turns back around, and returns to their starting position.
a person walks to the front left, grabs something, and then walks back to origin and wipes something.
the person walks forwards slowly using their legs with their arms to their side in a calm manner
a person who seems to be fighting with someone
a man aggressively kicks an object to the right using his rigjt foot.
a person walks backwards then crawls forword.
a man walks around in a circle.
man has hands up to hold a partner as he dances.
a person is standing and lost his balance, almost fell but caught himself
person raises right arm to side and lifts left hand and grabs hands together
a person plays the violin, holding it with their left hand and strumming it with their right hand.
a person walks straight forward and at a medium-slow pace with their arms hanging down the side of their body.
a man walks in a clockwise circle an then sits down
steps to the side and does hops while swinging hands in little circles.
someone walks forward four steps rigidly.
a man walks in a wavy line diagonally to his left
a person walks around a chair then sits down then sets something on a table
person is balancing and walking across something thin
a person sat down on the floor, with crossing legs, and after stand up
a person does a jumping jack.
a person walking around making a circle.
the person sits on the ground with their legs crossed then gets back up
a person walks forward and turns, then walks forward again and steps over an object which causes them to stumble and bend forward with their right hand extended.
person paces diagonally two times.
a person walks in a forward motion.
the figure kneels down and begins to crawl on their hands and knees before standing back upright.
a man walks forward with his hands stiff at his sides.
a person slowly crawls backwards on the ground.
the man is making gestures
a person walks forward at a normal pace.
a person takes a large step forward to the right.
a person sits on a stool,
a person lunges to the left.
a person walks straight forward
person walked over and is the mixing some thing together.
a person walking on stairs up
the person picks something up and uses it, and then returns it.
a person raises their hand to their stomach and then puts it back down.
a person was pushed from their right side and gets back to the original position.
a person walks slowly with a slight sway in each step.
the person is walking in a clockwise circle.
a person steps forward, gets shoved to the left, and then walks to the right and stops
a man who is jumping and raising his arms over his head
a man casually stands up tall while waving his right arm, as if beckoning in his direction, while his left hand is rested on the hip.
a person walks forward confidently.
a person moved in right direction and in the left direction
person usesboth hands to carry an object  and hand it to someone next to them
a person goes into a short jog before stopping.
he takes a step forward while turning and cautiously walks up, turns, and carefully walks back down.
a person has their right hand by their face and is gesturing that their head is dizzy.
person opens a cabinet on the ground
the person is balancing facing forward.
a man puts his hands out fully extended and then brings them back toward his body.
a person gets down on hands and knees and crosses the floor, then stands back up.
a person walks forward as if they need support while using his left hand to help walk.
person standing bends forward slightly to right to pick something up with both hands and moves item slightly to the left
a person walks in a curve to the right.
a person playfully walks forwards, hopping slightly with each step.
a person sits down and then gets back up
a man lies on his stomach with arms and legs spread, and then looks both ways.
the person is on the ground and decides to get up
a person runs in a straight line.
a person reaching over an item with his right arm which is a glass and drinking it, then he returns the glass on the table and turns around to his original position.
a person standing up uses both hands to pick something up below their waist to the left, then they use their left hand and apply something to their right bicep.
a person leans forward then hops back trying to catch something
the person is applauding someone.
the figure braces what looks like it could be a ball up towards their left side with both hands before throwing it and catching another object at chest level.
a person is scrubbing something with his right hand, left hand sets it down, he walks out and picks up something with his right hand and moves backward.
a man walks forward, turns around and walks back.
the person jumped and did a twist and landed on their feet.
the person is walking back and forth.
person standing to the side and checking his or her watch.
person walks to the left then turns around and walks to the right before turning around and returning to starting position
a person quickly walks forward.
kicking foot with arms towards chest.
a person boxing has block left to right
a person shuffles 2 steps to the left, 3 steps to the right and 1 step back to center.
a person walks on unlevel ground.
a person does basketball gesture for timeout.
a person does karate by striking with their hands and kicking their legs.
person is walking forward and stumbles, then catches himself before falling
dancing randomly like an indian traditional dance and mix of western culture
a person takes 3 steps forward then turns around and runs.
someone picks something up off the ground to look at it, then drops it and walks away to the left.
the person look like he was scratching himself like a monkey.
the person pick something up from the left and moved it to the right.
user does a slight jog on a diagonal path
a man has his arms up to his chest as if to do a pushing motion and moves his shoulders back and forward to stretch out his chest and wiggles arms down to their position.
person takes five steps down steps from a height to ground level
man is warming up left arm
a man takes a lumbering jog forward.
a person gets up and turns counter clockwise and walks away
a person eats with left hand.
figure is sitting on an object, with left arm at head level. figure puts left arm down and proceeds to rise to a standing position. figure then sits back down on object, placing both hands on on legs.
the person places his left hand on a seat and sits down.
the man is doing jumping jacks
a person is walking forwards in a straight line.
person puts right hnad to knee and then repeats with left hand to face height
a person calls out for someone
a person runs straight forward
a person does two full-bend deep-knee squat jumps.
a person walks forward in a normal fashion
a person walks forward, bends down to pick something up off the ground, and walks right to place the object down in a different location.
person has both arms above head before throwing them down and turning to the right
beginning with the right foot, a person takes six steps forward and stops.
a person stands while eating with his right and drinking with his left hand
the person sits on the floor with their hands near their face.
moving arms around near chest.
a person crouches down and moves on their hands and feet like an animal.
figure walks forward 3 steps with arms straight in front of him
someone just caught a baseball
a man turns and walks back before turning around and walking again.
a figure walks forward then turns on their heel to walk back where they came from
a person is walking backwards.
a person walks to the right, then to the left, then back to the right finishing in the center.
stick figure walks forward in a straight line
someone does exercises by raising both arms
a person dramatically raises their hands up before swatting something with their right hand.
a person slowly walks forward and then up a flight of stairs
this person puts his right hand to his head.
a person slaps something with their right arm, raises their left arm onto something, and slaps something with their right arm again.
a person casually walks abruptly steps left and then recovers to a straight walk.
a person is grabbing something on top of a waist high surface and is placing the item across from where it was on a higher shelf.
a person walks down steps.
the person is making a swimming motion with it's right arm.
a person reaches down with the left arm. the person then reaches out with right arm and begins a scratching, rotating motion.
man standing forward with right arm reaching forward.
personal will forward pick something up and sat it on something.
a man bends and moves his right leg while holding it.
a person is throwing something with his right hand.
a person walks around with his arm to his side.
a person walks forward in a clumsy way
a person runs forward while stumbling.
a figure training for side to side speed, quite effectively.
a person takes three steps backwards at a normal pace
the man takes a sideways step to the left.
a person throws something then moves forward
a person jumps in place once.
a person stepping over something
a standing person is using both their left and right foot to do a slow jog in place
the person took a small jump forward.
a person stretches their right arm upwards, then their left arm.
a person takes two steps forward, spins around clockwise in the opposite direction, and takes two steps back.
a person bends their arms up and stretches, rotating side to side a few different ways, then bending down and back up.
a man raises both their arm and walks forward.
a person walks from the top right to the bottom left of the screen pivots on their left foot and goes back to where they started.
the man exercises his arms by waving them inward then outward.
gets down on his knees and stays there
a person bounces while walking forward, stops, holding something in his right hand lifts it up to his face and then lowers it
a person is holding something in their left hand, touches it with their right hand, and lifts their left hand to their face.
the person is throwing a baseball.
a stick figure walks from upper left to lower right
person walks forward and to the left
a man is holding a weight bar above his head with both hands and proceeds to do 3 squats by bending his knees into a squatting position.
a person plays the guitar with their left hand and holds it with their right hand.
a person sits in a chair, turns to their right, then stands up.
the man is moving his arms
a man sits down, adjusts himself, then lifts his arms and rubs his belly.
person shuffles slowly forward. and then he holds out his hands sideways to the side as if celebrating
person is walking backwards.
a person cleaning their right arm
a person bending over with knees bent moving side to side.
someone acting like a bird
a person picks up an object and rubs it on something on the right.
a man walks backwards then punches and then kicks.
the man does a salsa dance all around the floor.
a person starts by standing upright, then gets down on their hands and knees and begin to crawl to the right, then turn around and begin to stand up.
a person walks turning to the right and walks forward.
the person is lifting something up.
a person is moving their hands around
person does squat thrusts three times with legs going outwards and arms going above head
a person grabbed something with right and left hand, and did something
a person bends over and picks things up with both hands individually, then walks forward.
a person bends his knees and jumps up and down.
this person with legs bent at the knee lowers his arms then raises them again.
he displaces the tilt next to him
a person walks in a circle counterclockwise and returns to their original position.
a person raises his hands above his head.
the person is banging his head on something.
a person walks down some stairs.
a person walks up some stairs and stops at the top.
a person walks slowly to the right and stops facing away.
the man throws a big right handed punch in the air.
a person walks forward with each arm extended at their sides as if they are trying to balance themselves.
a person throws an object with their right hand
a person kicks with their right leg then with their left leg.
a person run towards the left side.
a person steps forward then reaches down for something with his right hand.
person stands and folds arms in front of their body
a person lifts something with their right arm.
person is walking straight backwards.
a person turns to their left, grabs a glass and takes a drink, then puts the glass back
a person does a funky line dance and then exits to their left.
the person is doing the military crawl backwards.
a person does multiple jumping jacks.
the person takes side steps to his right then side steps to his left.
walking while swinging both arms from left to right
a person walks in a straight line, almost as if they are walking on a treadmill.
a person is waving his hands in front of him.
the person is jogging in place and then jogs to the right then to the left in a circular motion
a figure jogs forward then halts
a person walking forward stumbles briefly.
a person is walking and then makes a sharp turn right.
a person stepping in zig-zag like motion and hopping away while alternating legs
a person walks forward, turns around and sits on a chair.
a man bends at the knees in a squatting motion while holding a bar over his shoulders with both hands
a person appears to be typing on a keyboard, reaching out with his left hand to the right side, then normal typing then reaching to left side with his left hand
person is doing jumping jacks
a person turns, walks backwards, then turns and walks backwards
a man walks forward, stumbles to the left, and then regains his balance and keeps walking forwards.
a person walks backwards slowly.
a person tilts object on its side.
moving arms up and down.
stepping to the side then back.
the toon is walking across the plane at a diagonal pattern, reaching the end of the plane & turning around.
walking forward and then sitting with arms out.
a person jogs in place.
a person stretches legs then arms then runs forward.
a person raises their right hand up and back down.
a person gets on all fours then to their knees.
a person dances the cha cha cha.
a man with outstretched arms drops them to his side, then brings his hands up to chest height, then extends his hands out and back in two times.
this person appears to be painting.
person walks forward and turns left to walk back to starting point.
a person lifts his right leg around in the air.
a man jogs forward on a slanted line.
the person is putting both arms up and waves his arms.
walking towards camera hips swinging lazily.
a figure raises his arms in a pumping motion. almost as if he were lifting weights.
a person walks forward very carefully in a straight line.
a person takes a jog forward
a person starts to walk backwards.
a person is walking very slow in forward direction.
a person walks up and starts dancing freestyle.
a person pushes their hand forward and then lowers it.
the man is kicking with his right hand
a person is warming up
person walks in a s-shape before coming to a stop
a man alternates lifting his right and left arms above his head.
a person walks forward holding their arms in front of them.
a figure does light squats while holding an overhead bar
the person is flying like a airplane.
the person gets on their knees and crawls on the ground
the person looks to pick up an object, moves it over to the left as if to show it then moves it to the right as if to put an object up.
the person is doing jumping jacks.
a person wiping a surface with something
a person quickly hops from one foot to the other, then quickly makes a counterclockwise circle with their right forearm, and then makes a jump shot like in basketball.
a person slkwly climbs three steps of an invisible ladder.
the person holds his right foot with his right hand. puts his left foot up and right hand up too
the body shifts weight from right foot to left partially unbalanced looking back.
a man hold his left arm with his right hand.
he walks forward then picks up a box
a person with hands together does a low kick.
a person puts their hands to their armpits and wiggles their elbows
a person put something above them like on a shelf, shrugs, then does a shoveling motion
a man jumps and brings both arms above his head as he spread his legs and then moves them back into the original position.
the man takes backwards steps starting with his right foot.
the man is moving his legs and hands
the person is backing up standing.
the person is waving at something.
a person walks in a counter clockwise motion, taking long steps.
the man takes 2 steps forward , swings around and walks back.
moving the hands slowly like dancing.
a person lifts both arms and moves hands in and out.
a person waves their right hand in the air
a man stands still while slightly swinging his arms back and forth.
a person walks forward, shuffles to the right, the walks to the left.
the person practices karate moves
the person is lifting weights weights  with his right arm.
person moves by twitching both arms in a robotic way
a man lifts his arms and then puts them back down at his sides.
person walks forward and slightly to the left
walking to the left and right.
a person does a rhythmic shuffle back and forth
walking in a random pattern.
a person steps forward and turns right, then shuffles around awkwardly.
a person sits down in a chair of sorts and then gets back up
a person shrugs their shoulders and wiggles their arms.
the person stretches their arms forward
the person is walking forward slowly.
the person backed up and is walking diagonally.
a person walks straight backwards.
a persons quickly raises their right arm like they are looking at their watch, then puts it back down again.
this person walks briskly to the right then the left to the right again and the left.
person stands still and lifts right hand to face and mouth area
a man stretches his arms to his sides, and then lifts his right arm up and holds it there.
a person does jumping jacks.
a person doing 4 knee lifts to opposite elbow touches, then shakes it off.
a person waves their right hand and then slightly bends down to the right and takes a few steps forward.
a figure falls backwards slightly in a straight line
a person slowly walked forward
a person raises their hands and then swings then down and swings their right hand around in a angry fashion
a person walks straight forward, turns, then runs back
a person flailing their arms an legs as if swiming
person person is running his hand up a pole.
someone's using both arms to gesticulate to these rhymes, im a little teapot, "pick me over and pour me out"
a man is crouching and moves his right arm slowly up and down
a person walks forward for several steps
a man crawls in a circle in a counter clockwise direction, stands and turns to his right.
a person places both hands on the arms of a chair, scoots body forward, and then leans forward and stands up placing both feet together in the end.
the man is looking at his watch on his right wrist
a man is seated and picks up an object with his left hand.
a person walks up a few steps then stops
a person walks forward and picks something up
a person is seen to be ducking out the way
a man raises his right arm into the air and makes a throwing motion.
a person takes two large steps, turns right, and then walks back and fourth in a wide "s" shape.
a person facing forward bows then turns to his right and bows again.
a person bows forward, brings his hands center, and with his right hand makes a swiping motion to the right.
aman steps up on a platform then steps back down again.
the person kicked something quickly.
a person is squat down slowly raising his left arm up, then fully raising up towards his head.
a man walks forward slowly.
a man walks forward, turns and walks back.
a person put his right hand on someone's shoulder
the person is standing still.
a person turns counter clockwise in a circle.
a person is sitting on a stool, with their left leg up, then they readjust their position and swap legs.
person moves left leg forward then kicks out right leg once then kicks right leg out to side
a person walks forward with both arms in front.
a person turns to the left to pick something up and walk forward to place it down
someone who is waiving to a person
stumbling backs a few steps, turned around taking more steps.
someone put their arms on their chest, put one hand on their hip and put the other end out like a teapot, and then moved head around in a circle.
person lifting imaginary dumbbell with their right hand.
the man take 9 slow steps forward.
a person raises their arm and takes a small step forward
a person jumps while moving their legs in and out while also moving their arms up and down
a person holds both hands near their face while tilting their head backward slightly.
a person is throwing an object with his right hand.
a person shakes an item with his right hand
a person boxes someone with their left hand rapidly.
a person walks in a clockwise motion.
a person walks forward continuously at a slow pace
a person walks slightly to the side, then walks back in a slightly exaggerated manner.
a person walks out, turns, walks back and bends and picks up something, turns and walks out again holding up something, turns and stops.
a person raises both arms to a t-shape then lets both arms relax. the person then kneels down using their left hand for support.
a person runs forward in a line.
a person reaching/ bending down to grab/ wet object with right hand, rubbing/ cleaning motion with right hand.
person stretches arms above head while standing
a person starts with the left arm above their head, looking at their hand, then lifts the right shoulder and looks at it, then lifts the left hand and right hand above their head and looks back and forth between them.
a person pushes himself to make a jump
the figure starts in a squatting position, and waves with its right (our left) hand and then moves it in a circular motion, before lifting both arms into a defensive stance, and then dropping them back down in a resting on knees position and remains there for the rest of the video.
a person rotates hands in front of body, then rotates them with arms outstretched from sides, rotates right leg up, to the side and down, and raises left leg.
the person is climbing stairs while holding onto the railing
the person was walking backwards whistling.
a person/ animal comes to a stop. bends over onto all fours and crawls for a bit. stand back up and runs off.
person picks something up and walks with it over head in a circular motion
a person reaches their right hand straight out to the right, then directly out in front of them.
a stick figure does a cartwheel and turns counterclockwise and does another cartwheel.
a person is squatting down.
a person jumps to a spread eagle position, then jumps to a feet together and hands above their head position.
a person does multiple basketball signals.
a person sitting on the ground appeas to be throwing something right handed and stands up throwing something motion
a person reaches over picks something up with left hand abd walks away.
he move forward and grab something with right hand and then walk to his left. now grab something with his right hand and joining the both objects.
a man waves with his right hand.
a man walks diagonally to his far left before turning backwards, then walks straight backwards before turning to his left.
a person standing lifting arms up
person swings their right arm in two circles before throwing an object from their right hand
a person slowly looks around themselves from right to left.
a man stands and folds his arms.
the person sits down in multiple chairs then stands up
a person is dancing with another person
a person takes four small steps, jumps up and then takes three more steps.
a person dances in the style of a ballerina.
a person walks forward but it pushed to the left and recovers.
a man stands with his arms outstretched at the shoulders then uses both arms to diagonal across his body, meeting the hands in the center, then returning back to a standing position with arms outstretched at the shoulders.
a person stands still and does nothing.
the person bend over and pick something up.
a person walking turns slightly to the left and slows down to turn back
a man moves his right arm around in a clockwise circle a few times. his palm is facing down as though he is stirring something.
this person stands on one leg then on two legs stretches to the right.
a person puts their hands up while walking and then puts them down.
a person jumps sideways to the left.
from a squat a person stands up, jogs slowly in place, then faster, stops , backs up and squats again.
the person walks forward, turns around and gets on all fours to crawl back.
a person walks while holding the hand rail
the person is jiggling on their toes with their hands up
the person is walking briskly forward.
a person catches something and throws it with his hands.
a man holds his arms out in front of him in a shrugging gesture, then brings his arms down to his side, before lifting his right hand to head height and waves.
this person walks forward then bends to the left and suddenly steps back.
person is pulling a book from the shelf.
a person casually walking forward
a person streaches back and forth with hands raised then touches their toes
the person stretches their right arm above their head.
a person gets on all fours and starts crawling.
a man walks and angled path forward towards his left.
a person gets on all fours and crawls forward, then turns around and crawls back.
a person moves his right arm outward, whilst his other arm is near their hip. the person then makes a shovelling movement with both their hands.
a person with their hands raised slightly moves it up and down, then sets it all the way down.
person holding their right bicep with their left hand swaying and stumbling from side to side.
a person sitting down, raises their right hand up and down very slightly.
a person is sitting with their hands together, touches both knees, and then just the right.
the person backed up to do a handstand.
a person has their left hand raised, waves their hand, raises both hands, and finally waves both hands.
a person walks around the room.
a man lifts something up with both hands, moves it over to something to his right, then puts it back down in its original position.
someone gingerly steps over several gaps in the floor.
a person swings their right arm in a backhand motion and then swings it forward in an uppercut motion.
a person jogs in a clockwise motion and falls to their knees, he then gets back up onto his feet and walks to the right in a crooked line.
a person slowly walked in right direction while shaking the hands
sits down on the ground with legs crisscrossed then gets back up again.
a person's elbows are slightly bent, hands in front of the body and are moving back and forth along a steady plane.
a person stomps with their left leg
a person walks in a circle clockwise.
a person waved hands and then shaking while talking to the audience
a person paces back and forth walking in straight lines, he turns back and forth multiple times.
a person does 3 jumping jacks with their wrists loose.
a person walks downwards in a straight line and stops in a slightly brisk manner.
someone strains to raise and lower a dumbell in their left hand.
a person turns with their arms to stretch.
someone settles to sit on something, their right foot propped up and left foot on the floor, then stands up again.
a man stands cradling something in his arms rocking it back and forth, brings it up to his face, and then begins rocking it again.
a person waves with their right hand.
a person scratches their head with their right hand.
a person broadly gestures "no" or "stop" with both arms, and brushes off their left leg and shoulder before tapping the air.
a person piking up the phone
person moves backwards, sits down, then stands back up.
the figure has their legs apart and appears to be in a sort of fighting stance with their top half leaning back as the arms are up with fists closed as they imitate a dodge.
the person is walking forwards.
person crouches down then does two jumps
a person walks forward and stops.
person looks like they're doing a boxing move without throwing any punches
the person does 2 jumping jacks in place.
the person defends themself from the punch
the person walks towards the viewer before veering off to the visual right and stopping, as if looking out a window.
the man makes a right turn
person person is posing with his hands on his knees.
a person steps forward with right leg and then walks backwards.
the man is moving forward
a person reaches forwards with their right hand then does a rowing motion with both hands.
person lifts hands above head and stretches from side to side
a person pushes an object upwards two times with both of their hands above their head.
walking forward and then stopping.
a person walks clockwise slowly.
person standing still while stirring clockwise with right hand
a person puts their hands out forward, down on their hips, down, crossed, and then down.
a man raises his left arm in the air and move it around.
a person walks towards the right side.
a person walks forward then slightly back then forward agin
a person raises their arms out to their sides, lowers them back down and then leading with their left arm and leg, gets down on their hands and knees before raising up and standing on their knees
a man raises his right arm and holds it across his chest.
a person standing completely still.
person walks in a circle counter clockwise while facing the same way the whole time
a person bounces quickly between their feet and moves their arms in time with their feet.
a person raises both left and right hands above their head and waves them back and forth.
waving arms side to side.
a person whith their hand raised, raises it higher.
person is praying while standing up
swinging hands up and down.
a person throw something wth both hands
a person gets on their hands and knees and crawls forwards, then stands.
a person stands and touches their left hand with theor right hand.
a man keeps his legs still as he flexes both arms in front of him several times.
a person does jumping jacks, and then runs forward.
a person runs forward and stops.
a person puts a hand to their ear to indicate they cannot hear.
person hopping on both feet.
a person has a spasm on the spot.
a person doign squats, then runs in place and stops.
the person  picked his left leg up and rubbed it and then put it back down.
a man takes a couple steps forward, staggers suddenly to his left, then resumes walking back to the course he was originally on.
a person slightly sways to the left then right.
a person steps sideways to the right and then sideways to the left.
a person puts his hands together and sits down.
the person performs star jumps
kicking foot forward while standing still.
a person making a jumping straight up with their elbows bent up.
a person is picking something up and moving it from one location to another.
a person rotates their hands in opposing circles.
a person checks their watch on the left wrist.
a person hits his drums.
a man reaches forward, pulls back a lever with his right hand, and then he shuts a door with his left hand.
a man holds his arms up and then bends over to touch his toes with both hands, raises back up, and then lifts his arms and rotates his torso several times, then leans to both sides once.
person starts of standing still then begins to move their arms and legs in a motion that indicates jogging forward.
a person waves their left hand out in front of their chest.
a man walking around in a clockwise circle with his right arm hovering over his right shoulder as he walks.
a person wiggles their hips back and forth, shaking their butt.
man walk in opposite direction and turns around.
a person is walking upstairs in a straight line.
left hand on the hip while the right hand is swung back and forth while walking around.
person is making a pose
a person looks to the left then kicks something with their right foot
a man walks forward and then stops.
a person puts his arms out to his side and spins in circles
a person slowly walked forward
a person is pacing side to side
a person walks with a limp, their left leg injured.
a person slowly thrusts right arm forward and then left arm forward as if throwing a slow punch or exercise motion.
this person walks forward then stops.
a person jogging in circles in a clockwise trajectory
walks in the clockwise circle at a average pace
a man stands and moves his arms as though he were swimming, first in the front crawl position and then in the breaststroke position.
a person leans on something in front of them, then waves with each hand.
a figure walks forward slowly
a person crosses his arms, uncrosses his arms, and crosses his arms again while sitting.
a person takes a small step backwards.
a person bouncing around while throwing jabs and upper cuts.
a person  is standing there.
a person lifts their arms up and down multiple times.
a person stands normally then begins hops on their left foot while their right foot is elevated then stops and stands normally.
a person uses their arms and legs to jump as high as they can in-position.
a person picks something up with his right hand and lifts it to his face, holding something in his left hand he lifts it to his face.
a man rises from the ground, walks in a circle and sits back down on the ground.
the person is jumping in place.
a person hops on one leg at a time with a lot of energy.
a person takes five slow steps forward.
a person takes one step forward with both feet.
a person sits down on a stool.
a person shouting for something
a man with outstretched arms drops them to his side, then start walking and places his right hand on top of two objects as he walks by.
a person walks around in a meandering fashion seemingly aimless.
a person walking and consistently bending over
a person side steps to the left
a person picks up something on his right and sets it down on his left.
that person is jogging forward.
person takes a few steps backward, and then winds arm back to run forward and throw something and then walk backward a few steps
a person takes a step to the right and then slides his left foot that way.
an elderly person is walking slowly
someone jumping over a puddle
a man gets on his hands and knees and crawls forward.
a person looks to be pushed back and then walks back towards the thing that pushed them.
a person walks in a diagonal line leaning toward the left.
a person raised the both hand and made some jesture
a person is being a mime
a person makes several tossing motions with their left hand.
a person casually takes a few steps forward before stopping.
person does lunges to left side with arms out in front.
walking in a diagonal line then back.
a person bends at the waist and seems to pick up something with their right hand, then walks forward and places it on something in front of them, then walks back.
a person walks around in a clockwise circle, holding their head with their right hand.
robot start walking to his left and then start running from right to left and stopped at center.
person is doing boxing exercises
a man walks to the left side and stands.
a person with his right arm is ordering something, then pick something up from the ground
a person walks in a clockwise circle
a person bent the body, and made swing with hands
a person walks in a clockwise direction and grabs something with his left hand while walking
a person pitches a baseball with his right hand after a full windup.
person walks forward, then leans forward and places both hands on his left knee.
a person hunches forward in a position that would suggest aggression.  the person rocks back and forth and steps forward and backward with each leg.
a person stretches both their arms forward, back, then to the left.
a person is performing a right to left jogging move.
a person jumps, kicks in the air, and then proceeds to dance and strikes a pose.
a person who came to a halt from running; started running again
a person touches his head with his right hand.
a person raised the left hand,
a person start to jump while grabbed something
the sim appears to use their right hand to secure the left one then checking their watch.
a person who is standing with this hands by his sides takes two steps forward, trips, recovers and continues to walk.
a person is clapping & performing a dance.
a person is balancing on his right foot, touch down once with his left foot, then resumes balancing.
a person crosses his arms.
a person starting in a right forward lunge makes a motion as if to lift something, turns to the right then puts the object down.
the toon is standing at an angle, appearing to be swinging a baseball bat & tossing back the ball.
a person turns around (toward their left) and then flings their arms up a few times.
the person is walking and turning left.
a person that puts their hands together and starts rubbing something on their head
he walks straddling something, then clumsily walks around another object.
person rolls his arms are boxing, then lift arms like celebrating, and push off to sides
a person paces backand forth with their right hand up at stomach level.
a person raised the hands and made something
a man walks forward swinging his left foot outward, then kicking his right foot back and continuing to walk.
a person walks to the left with ease.
the figure turns and proceeds to bunny hop across the grey space.
a person walks a few steps forward before bending slightly and wiping an invisible surface.
the person is scratching under his arms.
a person stands on his left leg and kicks with his right
swinging arms up and down.
a person raises their right hand and waves.
a man switches his standing position towards the left and then towards the right.
person appears to walk in a circle clockwise.
a person takes some steps forward.
this person waves forward with his right hand.
a person walks in a figure-eight pattern
a person walks forward the turns around.
person slowly gets up from the floor
the person has its arms out while moving in a circle with its legs.
person walks forward using left handrail
person walks to their right then left then slightly right and stands still
with his hands down by his sides, the man sways his hips and is walking slightly of to one side.
a person moves his right hand like pendulum then brings his hands up
a person strafes one step to the right, our left.
raising hand towards head.
a person who is running, stops, bends over and looks down while taking small steps, then resumes running.
a person holds their hands up toward their chest as if begging.
a person slowly walks in a clockwise circle.
a person takes two steps forward leading with their left foot rotates on their right foot 180 degrees and takes two steps back.
a person walks in a wide winding path, creating large semicircular loops.
person appears to be dancing with another person while his right hand is on the person's back and their right hand is extended appears to be holding their parnter's extended hand
figure is leaning back and forth rubbing hands together
a person jogs in place.
a person aproaches and then opens something
a person walks forward, swaying their hips.
a man paws at the air with both hands in vigorous vertical patting motions.
a person rotating both arms and shaking off his/her legs
a person scratches their head.
person is jumping around like he was in an accident.
walking in a left arc by 45 degrees
a person walks straight, picks up a cup, puts it down, and then steps back in surprise.
a person is forward in a motion that is turning them left.
a person gets on the floor with its knees.
the person steps forward and claps.
while both arms face outwards, a person moves the hands towards the cheeks of the face. while hands are on the face, the person moves face from side to side.
a person runs forward then abruptly turns to the left and continues running
a man walks forward and then trips towards the right.
a figure walks forward then kneels down and raises their chest
a person slowly walked forward and kicked with left leg
he walked to the left while keeping his center of gravity very low.
a person who first performed a 90 degree clockwise jumping spin the a 180 degree spin and then a 360 spin
a person walks forward and makes a waving motion with his right arm before walking off to his right.
person bending down and making odd circular movements
a person walks on all fours.
excerisizing. with stretches and leans forward
the person is acting like a horse.
person turns and jogs to their right, then turns around and proceeds to jog all the way to their left, and continues to repeat this motion.
a person is walking forward then takes a big step over something with their right foot
a person leans right with both feet planted, gathers items, gathers items from their left, then centers before bringing their right hand to their face.
a person carefully taking steps into or around something.
a person puts both of their arms and hands in front of their face and rotates slightly to the left and right.
a person appears to be eating something holding it in their right hand
person jogging forward at medium pace
a figure lifts something then either pours or places it on a nearby shelf to the right
the person is walking in a counter clockwise circle.
a person pretends to be a dinosaur
a person walks forward few steps and runs the remaining steps
a person walks forward, stumbles backwards, then walks forward again
left hand pull from stomach area up and over the head to their left
the person took a sideways step and did a piroiette.
person raises right arm as if throwing something light into the air. they then return to center and picks up an item with both hands, brings it up to the right war and then back down and across to the left side of the waist. arms then reset to center and hang by waist, then proceed to pick up an item on the right and turn to the left to put down
a person stumbles to their left, turns around to look behind them while walking with a limp in their right leg and stumbling to their right.
climbs a step up and walks to climb a step down.
a person gets down on all fours and starting crawling around.
person bends down forward and picks up something large with both hands
a person is acting like a dog with their hands up at chest level and hopping around.
a person slowly walks forward five steps.
a person hops in place twice, looks down at his feet, and repositions his feet, as if to steady himself.
this person while standing still lifts his left arm as if to check the time on his watch.
a person takes a huge leap forward.
a man takes his both hands and puts it on his hips and jumps up and down
a person runs forward fast.
a man begins with his arms by his side.  he then picks up something with both hands on the right side of his body and then moves it to the left side of his body.
a person walking diagnolly back and forth while gesturing with their hand
walking in a random pattern.
the person was push and manage to stand up.
a person sits down and then gets up and goes back to the same place
someone sits down crossed legged then stands back up.
the runner starts his course and then stops.
i see someone seated and turning an imaginary steering wheel
a person makes and drinks a cup of coffee.
a person gets a running head start and vaults over a wall, then turns and vaults back over the wall the other direction.
a person raised the noth hand and pull it down
a person walking forward did a 180 degree turn on left foot  and walked in the opposite direction.
a person walks and sits on something.
a person walks forward turns to the right and walks back.
the person is throwing a ball with his right hand.
a person is jumping up repeatedly.
going upward link on the step and after wards get downward on the step.
person starts out standing then leans to the right and stomps his left foot.
the person is dancing rumba.
the person claps their hands briefly and then returns to neutral position.
the figure is straddling the emerging wavy line while walking expeditiously forward.
man swivels left to right with left hand up towards the face.
person is jumping on the spot with their arms on their side
a person throwing both hands
the left arm is tucked in as the left legs kicks back and forth and to the left side.
a person stands still not moving legs while moving both arms around, at different ranges above his head.
a man claps his hands together serveral times, then lowers his hands back down to his sides.
stretching while standing still.
a person walks in a clockwise direction and sits down.
a person walks forward toward something then turns towards the right and walks back.
the person standing on the right side walking crisscross to the left four times and step and walk crisscross twice towards the right then stop in the middle.
a man leans forward and touches the ground with his right arm.
the person drop some thing on the right foot.
person takes a step back and then jumps up and walks forwards
a man performs a squat and raises both arms forward.
a man sits completely still.
a man flaps his arms like a chicken then leans forward to the right and swings his body to the left
a man trips and moves forward.
a person walks in a counter-clockwise circle.
a person does a range of motion with hands and arms.
the man steps in something then thinks about it.
a man is locking his hands behind his back and sweeping his legs left and right, in a dance like motion.
a oersib grabs something from the right, waves it to the left and places it back
the person is walking like they are tired.
walking side to side.
the man walks forward then turns and returns back
a person picks up something on their left and moves it to their right.
a man holds something in both hands and then uses his left hand to bring it up towards his face.
a person raises their right hand to their face, standing exhausted.
a person squats and eats with his left hand.
a person makes a right turn and after about 5 steps does a u-turn.
a man crouches down as he walks forward and kicks with his right leg.
a person claps their hands together a couple times while maintaining a wide stance
person casually walks in forward motion
the person climbs on a ladder and picks up something from a shelf
a person is standing and looks like he is lifting a dumbell above his head. both his arms arm moving up and down.
a person takes a sudden step back.
a person squats then jumps up with both arms raised twice
person walks from right to left then drags right leg moving forward three paces holding left arm with right hand on elbow then stops raising left arm above head
man tippy-toeing (hopping but not leaving the ground) with both feet
a person jumps in the air and smacks their hands together
a person's body leans to the right while simultaneously, both arms are raised above the head leaning right.
a person is playing the violin.
walking backwards while bending down.
a person balancing with their left leg.
a person walks in a diagonal line from the right to the left side.
someone picks something up with their left arm and wipes it down with their right arm.
a man ducks backwards towards his left, then ducks forward towards his right, he then stands up straight and walks backwards towards his left.
a person claps their hands together in front of them.
a person stumbles forward, then stumbles backwards, startling with a jolt and taking a few uneven sideways steps.
a person walking forward, that struggled to maintain a balance.
a person walks up a few steps, turns around at the top, and then walks back down the steps
the person is walking forward but he can’t bend his legs.
a person jogs around a small area.
rotating his/her body left and right
a person walks forward at a medium pace.
a person walks forward, then turns and jogs back.
a person angrily and quickly walks then abruptly stops with force.
a person spins and kicks with its left leg.
this person briskly walks in circles twice.
a person walks in a counter-clockwise circle, and then lays down on the grownd.
a person dancing and clapping his hands over his head
a person steps to the right and then back to the left horizontally.
a person puts their hands together and kicks their right foot.
a person walks around in a circle.
jumping forward one time slowly.
walking forward and moving hand forward.
a person walks backward and runs forward then walks backward again.
a person steps sneakily back and forward.
spinning hands in a circle near chest.
a person takes a few steps and shrugs their shoulder in a confused fashion
a man steps forward, then leans on something with his left arm as he lifts his right leg behind him, holding it with his right arm as he inspects something, before lowering his leg and stepping backwards.
a person is stomping around
a person with their arms out from their sides, walks to the left trying to balance.
a person leans forward slightly and walks cautiously on the balls of their feet.
this person has both hands on hips a looks all around.
a person walks forward and turns to the right.
a person walks to the right with a limp, then turns around and sprints back to where he started
a person grapevines to the left, turns, and then steps back to their starting position.
person runs forward and side steps left once
person is wiping table with left hand
a man standing on a platform moves few steps back in a slow speed and with his right hand first throws something forward, after that he takes a few steps back and with his right hand at a lower level throws something at a high velocity than the previous. after that he takes a step back and stops.
a person lifts their hand to their faces and tilts their head back as if drinking
a person makes sideways steps to the left, and then to the right.
a person appears to be going down a hill with right arm holding onto a wall or person
person raises arms forward, brings them out to the side, bends the elbows in, brings the arms back down, and then brings them out to the side again
a boxer throws a left uppercut.
a person standing in one position uses their right arm to pick up one object and place it in a cart two times.
a person is running forwards
person squats down and scratches their head with their right hand
a person in dancing mode, moving both right and left hands in the air, moving both right and left left while still dancing.
the man waves steps back and swats at something then steps forward again.
a man walks forward, picks something up with his right arm, and holds it as he steps back to his starting position, turns around, walks back, and sets it down before starting to turn.
a person walks down the stairs briskly.
a man jumps up and down.
the person jumps forward and swings their arms
the man looks around on the ground for something.
a person put their hands on their hips and walks to the left and then turn to face the opposite way, dropping his hands from his hips
a person bends slightly downward and grips onto their right thigh with their left hand. then begins rubbing the thigh with their right hand.
he moves around  then stops
the person reseals the package
a person leans back as if to throw a ball, lifting his left leg in the process.
a person throws an object against a wall with their right hand, and catches its rebound with both hands.
a man lifts his right leg using both hands, and stretches it out by kicking into the air and turning it to the side several times.
stickman's right hand waving five times with full motion from elbow to hand extensions.
a person runs in a counter-clockwise circle.
a person lifts a weight with right hand.
a person is casually walking straight and then pivots to their left.
a person sitting and twirling on his chair while on the phone with his left hand.
a person is walking and moving left arm.
a person is running in place at a medium pace.
a man is mixing something infront of his body and seems to pick it up with his right hand and then proceed to mix it back. then picks it up with his left hand while standing still
a person is walking and using their left hand to support themselves by using a wall.
a person wiggles in a seat, pauses, and then stands up and walks forward.
a person picks up something to their left with their right hand, then something to their right with their left hand and bangs the two objects together, finally putting the items back.
the right hand is placed on the hip while the left arm is bending back and forth.
a man turns to the left puts something down and then turns forward and slowly picks something up.
walks toward camera, makes u-turn, walks away from camera, then squats facing away from camera
a man picks up and object with his right hand then puts it down and wipes a surface with his right hand.
the person is pretending they are a dog.
figure looks around then backs up
he walks forward and then turns around fast and walks back
standing in place with arms on legs.
person walks forward a few steps, stagers to the right then  walks forward and ends up inline with the left side.
a man waves with both hands, puts them to the side, then claps.
this person jogs forward then stops.
the figure is making moving its arms like its a monster trying to scare someone.
a person picks up an object from his left side and puts it to his right side.
a person walks forward with left foot stepping higher than right foot. a person turns right walks fast to the right. a person walks backward with right/left foot fast with right foot stepping higher than left foot.
person is being still and leaning slightly to their left
a person appears to be moving backwards in a circle.
a person walking in a circle.
the person is acting like a cat.
a person side steps to their left, before side stepping to their right
a person slowly walks around in a clockwise circle.
man walks forward with his shoulders wide, turns counter-clockwise to 105 degrees walks forward, after which he turns around and walks back while leaning forward
a standing person waves, walks in a half circle before waving again.
a person walks in a circle hunched over limping on their right leg.
the young boy quickly stands up and runs rapidly forward towards the door.
a person walking in a fast pace
a person plays violin with their left hand.
a man holds out his right hand and with his left hand moves rapidly up and down in front of the body.
a person claps their hands above their head.
a person stands still and steadies themselves
a figure seems to look upward and to use their hand to help them look at or read something eye level or higher
person uses right side of their body to give them momentum to turn 180 degrees anticlockwise. appears to be energetic
a person walks with elbows bent, chest out and lifts phone up to their ear with left hand.
a person steps forward and puts their hand up near their face.
a person punching with his left hand.
a person slightly reaches down to their left and picks up something with both hands, then places it back down again slightly to the right.
person is running back and forth.
facing front, a person makes the throwing motion with their right arm.
a person standing flat on the ground bends their knees and their throws their arms up to chest level to make a small jump twice.
a person seems to be hitting an object with their right foot
first a person takes two steps forward, then turns to the right and takes two steps. then, the person pauses. then, the person takes a few more steps and turns to the left.
a person taking turns moving each hand up and down, while taking pivoting steps.
someone slightly moves their left hand in front of them, turning it over before putting it by their side.
a person who seems to warm up or stretch the hand joints
a person walks slowly forward, clasps hands and bows down and up.
a standing person is pushed to their left and stumbles, catching themselves with their right foot.
a man spins around in a clockwise circle, and then spins counter-clockwise many times with his arms out.
a person bends over to stretch over their left leg and then their right.
the person is walking forward at a medium speed.
a person is standing while waving their arms seven times rapidly from their elbows and stops.
a person raised the right and left hand and warm them up
a person moves his left arm up and his right arm downward.
a person is pushed to his right side.
a person is crouched down
a person doing a fast walk forward
the person is going to give someone his upper right.
person mounted on a motorcycle holding handle bars.
the right hand is place outside the waist and then goes towards the stomach and back out.
a person has his hands are on his hips and is warming up his legs
the man reaches to the ground for something places it on the table then reaches for another thing.
a man touches his face
a man shakes his right arm and then puts something down.
a  person seems to be warming up both arms
sitting down on the ground then standing.
a person walks forward with their hands at their sides.
person likely scratched their belly.
a person stands strongly with arms forward and down, then outstretches their arms to the side.
the person is walking towards the left.
the man lifts the dumbbell with right hand
waving hands up and down then walking around.
person scratching their head with right hand.
an individual is standing still before raising their right hand & arm up as to point then bobbing their arm & moving their body almost as to a dancing motion.
a person does a medium sidestep to their right
a person bends knees and then stands back up quickly.
a person pretends to be a dinosuar
a person walking slowly on a treadmill.
from a standing position the person raises their arms to chest height with their elbows bent and hands angled to mimick animal paws, and then turns at the waist from righ to left
a person runs slight towards the right.
the person is walking in a clockwise circle.
a person drops their arms from should height and jogs in place.
the person is bending over forward af if looking for something on the ground.he then comes back up before leaning back down.
a person sitting on an elevated surface; then waving his or her left hand to someone and the proceeds to walk away
a person walks forward then turn around then starts to jump back.
person makes a motion as if picking up soap, then straightens and rubs hands together as if washing hands
a person puts their hands together and does a clasp motion.
a person does one jumping jack.
someone jogs in place then turns around to look behind them.
the person put his left arm  out and then put his right arm out.
person is walking and jumps to avoid something.
this person crawls on all fours with belly close to the ground.
a person with their left hand above their head, is moving it around, then ends with a t-pose.
person is side stepping back and forth.
the person is  is focused on jogging around.
the person step forward once in his left foot and stop.
a person takes a small step forward with their right foot, while their arms swing gently by their sides.
a man is excersising his arms and legs.
a person is jumping straight up.
a person stretching his hands and bending forward.
a person grabbed something with right hand
a man grabs somthing with his right hand, and then kneels down on the ground.
the sim appears to be standing then crouches slightly shaking their left foot.
a person looking at their phone with left hand.
moving arm around near chest then backing up.
a person jumps, walks side to side and reaches their right arm out.
a person has their right hand up briefly then brings it down and leans slightly to the right.
a person gets into a fighting position.
a person holds their right hand out.
person is boxing with someone.
the person was pushed from the right but did not fall.
a person reaches out for something with his right hand 4 times.
a person bends over and looks around.
a person rubs head with right hand and rubs belly with left hand.
a person shakes both hands and arms up and down close to each other.
a person plays drums while standing up.
a person does a dribbling motion with their right hand while walking forward on a diagonal
throw toss pass to left leg
a person claps multiple times.
figure holds one leg out and makes large circles then holds the opposite leg out and makes small circles.
a person balances on their left leg and then their right.
a person seeming to be standing up reaching down with left hand seeming to be checking phone and placing it back down to pocket.
the person is kneeling, stands up and bends over and stands back up again, only to grab their right foot.
the toon is standing, swaying a bit, then raising their left wrist as to check the time on a watch.
this person stands and suddenly steps to the right.
the figure does two side lunges.
she walks carefully to her right as she raises her right arm, as if to take something, she carefully places something down, takes a small bow and raises up gingerly.
a person has both arms spread out and starts walking in a circle.
a man walks forward and then steps over an object.
a person steps up on a platform, left foot first.
the person fell down and is crawling away from someone.
a person is imitating legendary wrestler giant baba choking his opponent.
a person kicks thier right leg back and foward, then kicks thier left leg back and foward, and stands back straight
a person grabbing items with left hand.
a man walks forward with a wider stance.
a person touhes their right arms twice with their left hand.
a person squatting and hunched over, uses their hands in a gathering motion to prepare something; they then stand and wipe their brow with their right palm.
a person grabbed something and put it somehwere
a man has his arms raised and twists his torso left and right and the back and forth and then lowers his arms.
person is moving in relaxed manner dropping his hands, shifting body weight from one leg to another, taking couple of random steps.
a person walks in a spiral, counter-clockwise, and starts to sit at the center of the spiral.
a person runs forward with both arms still by his/her sides, only allowing the hands to sway during the run.
a person walks forward, arms by their side.
a man pushes his arms forward together, then outward in opposite directions.
a person hit something with left hand
stick person looks as if to be treading water in the befgining and then puts arms up as if to flex and then mobes arms back
someone reaches to the left side with their right hand three times getting lower each time.
a person walks in a counter clockwise circle
a person gets up from the floor and then throws a football into the air
the man is walking clockwise in a circle while holding something up to his ear with his left arm.
a person takes a step back, sits down and raises shoulders
a person is in a motorcycle pose
walking forward in a diagonal line.
a person stumbles about completely dazed and throws a left handed uppercut whilst still stumbling.
a person crouches down and walks on all fours back and forth.
the person is walking and making a left turn.
a person sits down on a step stool, rests his chin on his hands, and then stands back up.
a person walks slowly forward and to the left.
a person walks in a counter clockwise circle.
a person is pacing the floor.
a person is talking on the phone
a man clasps object with both hands and then throws it with his right hand.
person is walking forward really slowly
a person takes steps backwards, walks forward, opens a door, walks in a counterclockwise circle and returns to the door.
robot standing on his left leg and his right hand is uplifted and he is moving his leg in different positions.
a person makes a wide, flat, arcing motion with the right hand across the body.
the figure steps backwards with their right foot and looks back as they sit briefly and then sits back up without using the arms of the chair to get up.
the man is moving both arms
a person standing upright working on something directly in front of them with both hands and then steps away to examine what they are working on
a person turns left, walks then turns right and back to the left.
a person walks on a beam of some sort.
a person is leaning over and touches things with his hands.
a person walks forward in a straight line with arms spread open
a person picks up a cup pours a drink and puts it back.
this person stands and stretches backwards.
a man raises their arms swings left then swings right, then back to the middle.
this person has both arms extended out to his sides and stumbles.
as the title suggests, the person is walking straight backwards.
the person is doing a bodybuilding posed.
a person jumps forward and to the left.
a man walks forward with arms loosely at his sides.
a man sits down, then gets back up.
a person brings their hands up to chest level, then flexes them both to either side.
someone jumps fives times to the left then four times to the right.
the person is stepping over some thing.
walking up stairs with arm out.
the right hand goes above the shoulder then to the face back and forth then side to side.
a person is sitting on the ground, then stands up and walks in a circle.
a person is skipping rope.
a person walks with both legs spread out.
a man bends forward and then takes a step.
a person is swinging both arms back and forth
a person stands with left leg forward and left arm above the head, then moves their right leg back, brings up there right arm, then brings both arms down together and bends at the waist.
the person is jogging in place.
he is leaning on something and cleaning it with a towel.
a person is holding his arms straight out to the sides then lowers them, claps, and steps forward to sit in a chair
a person moves their hands in alternating circular motions
a figure kicks and then wipes their chin
a person walks forward from a neutral position and throws an object with right hand and right leg kicks back.
a person walked in right direction
a person standing hold something with the left hand and then uses the right-hand to repeatedly strike it.
the person is throwing a ball.
a man steps onto something then raises his right arms above his head and grabs an object.
a person who is standing with his hands out from his sides takes four slow steps forward and stops.
a person with arms raised and elbows bent begins slowly making a punching motion with right hand and then again with their left hand.
a person appears to be warming up and loosening their neck, shoulder, elbow, and wrist muscles.
a person crawls on the ground from east to west then goes back
the person sways to their left and then painfully walks forward.
a person stands on the spot and claps their hands in the air
a person trying to strike a pose
someone is walking forward down the screen in place
a person is dancing as he taps his feet and moves his arms up and down and around.
a person sidesteps to his right, to his left, walks back and repeats this.
a person throws something lackadaisically with their right arm.
a person marches in place while raising its arms, then it takes a break, then it starts running in place with raised arms.
a person stretches by leaning to the left, putting their left arm on their hip, and putting their right up straight up and over to the left
walking in a diagonal line.
a person raises their right hand and waves off applause then they cover their face in embarrassment waving off more people.
a person slowly walked forward in left direction
the body is walking backwards carefully.
a person slowly walks forward with arms swinging. turns in a counter-clockwise circle
a person bends at the hips and moves their right arm up and down, then pats something with their right hand.
walking slowly with arms outstretched.
a person who is standing with his hands out from his sides applies five brush strokes with his right hand.
a man picks up his right leg, holds it up in front of him, and then keeps it up in the air.
a man performs three jumping jacks
someone imitating a golf swing
a man sits down, stands up and then sits back down again.
a person cartwheels then does back handsprings
a person raised the hands and pul it down
this person walks slowly frontwards.
a person lifts their right leg and then left leg
a person with arm up and to the side. lowers arms and rotates in circular motion.
a person walking straight with regular sized gamps between their feet
a person walks in a curve to the left.
a person raises both hands in front of them then throws them down in disapproval.
a person holds their hands in front of them, turns clockwise briefly, and then kicks towards the left hand side with their right leg.
a person raises both arms and waves.
a person waiving goodbye and stepping backwards.
a person walks to his right.
a man walks forward, slightly bending his knees with both hands at his sides.
the person was backing up away from someone
a man does jumping jacks in slow motion.
a person walks forward at a left angle, slightly turns right, kneels, relaxes and then slightly wiggles ankles.
a person walks forward and then turns around and then to the right while holding their left hand on their knee and their right hand on the back of their thigh
a person climbs up a ladder, grabs something then places it on a shelf with their right hand.
a person who is modeling down a runway
someone is walking in a circle.
a man stands with his feet shoulder width apart when he slides his right foot along the ground as he kicks his left foot forward at waist height.
the person walks forward a step, grabs a cucumber to slice, slices it, and then steps back.
a person remains standing while moving downward, back up, to the left, and back centered.
a person, dribbles basketball from right hand to left hand, readies feet to shoot by aligning them, then grabs the ball with both hands and shoots using their right hand, stepping back with left foot slightly after landing.
a person walks around an object in their path.
a person moves their right foor around while balancing on their left foot.
a person standing still holds their hands together out front, and then places both hands on their hips.
a man bends over and reaches his left arm out.
the person is dancing the waltz.
a person starts with arms outstretched then places them on thighs for a few seconds then stretches back out.
a person walking, picking up 2 things and then pouring both
a man walking forward jumps turns around and walks back.
walking backwards and to the side.
a person standing still looking around.
someone jumps, turns counter-clockwise, and stands straight up.
walking forward with legs apart.
a person stumbles backwards a few steps
a man takes two steps forward.
a person bends over and holds their head in pain.
person is jumping up and down vigorously and putting their legs back
a person is doing a acrobatic dance.
a person walks around two edges of a room.
the person is walking then runnijg.
a character quickly walks forward in a diagonal motion then turns around and walks back to where they started.
a person gets pushed back.
a man moves backwards while sliding his feet.
person walks forward, and in a half circle, angles to the right of the screen
a person is jogging back and forth from where he has standing
a person is running forward.
a figure walks forward then spins on their heel sloppily before walking back
person slowly raises left arm towards mouth gently.
a persons steps sideways to their right three times, then sideways to their left four times and finishes with a half sideways step to the right.
a person emulates the motions of a waltz dance by going forward to the side, backward, and to the side again in a box motion.
a person is walking in an s shape
this person is standing bent at the knee and drops his left arm.
a person is standing, holding an invisible ball and makes a throwing motion. they then step backward and make a more violent throwing motion as if to try to throw the ball further.
a person walks left to lower right.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person is jumping up and down from the ground.
a person slowly walked forward while balancing
someone is lift weights above their head
a person does the sign of the cross prayer.
a person takes a small hop forward.
a person stands, crosses right leg in front of left, lowering themselves until they are sitting, both hands on the floor before standing and uncrossing legs.
person is warming up the chest muscles
the person motions as to pick up a bag or item from the floor with their right hand, and begins walking forward at a moderate pace
a man runs hurriedly in place before backstepping, dropping to a crouch, and duckwalking forward several steps with his arms bent in front of him at chest level.
a person carefully walks forward with one foot in front of the other and arms held out to either side.
person on hands and knees moves forward five paces and gets up
a man steps into his shoes with his left foot then his right
a person is doing jumping jacks.
the person is jogging forward diagonally.
a man clasps his hands to the side and then unclasps them.
person walks whilst grabbing onto a banister to help their balance.
a person crouches down while covering their head
a person turns to the left and steps forward, then kicks with their right foot.
a person walks and swings their arms around their head, and then walks backward.
a person walks forward, then turns and walks back the way they came.
person raises his right arm up in front of his face, and holds it there for a second before putting his arm back down.
a man picks something up with both hands and move it to the right.
a person is performing a dance and spinning around
the toon is tanding still raising both arms in a shaking motion.
a person side steps to the right and then back to the left.
a person with both arms protecting face then jabs.
a man stands with his hands lowered and moves them like trying to put a golf ball in a hole.
a person walking sideways .
a person hops and throws an object with both hands.
a person walks in a counter-clockwise circle.
a person leans and sways while their hands are propped up imitating claws of an animal.
a person waves their right hand twice, quickly with a small range of motion before waving a third time, with a bigger range of motion.
a person walks up to a table and starts washing it.
a person picks up two objects, wipes the left object with the right, and then sets them both back down.
person jumps into the air
person is walking around back and forth.
someone is sitting and pivoting back and forth before standing up and staggering back and forth.
a pitcher winds up and throws the ball, and the ball quickly comes back to him; he catches it, and without haste, he throws it back again.
man walks forwards, stops, turns around and sits. then gets up and walks back
he takes two short quick steps forward.
the person scratched his head with his right hand and scratched his head with his left hand.
a person walks in a clockwise circle with one hand in front of them.
a person walks forward with their feet parallel. they hop over an object and walk forward
a person walks forward, turns left then walks back.
person stands still then moves arms side to side front to back then infront
a person appears to be driving something.
a person throws something from their right hand.
a person is jogging on the spot.
the person tilts to their right with outstretched arms.
person has arms up the touches something with right hand.
person taking a few steps and looking around left to right.
a person raises both their arms and then places them back down.
a man turns to his right and walks, then turns around counterclockwise and walks, turns once more clockwise and walks back, turning one final time as he stops in a standing position.
a person walks forward placing their hand onto a hand rail on there left hand side for stability.
a person slowly walks forward, in a straight line, with their hands by their side.
hands go to the chest moving back and forth, right hand place on the left upper arm as while as left hand is place on the right upper arm.
a person raises both arms to shoulder height then does multiple squats.
a person presses things in front of them with their right hand.
a person grabbing something in front of them, swinging it around to the side then throwing it overhead
a toon is standing with their legs separate, both arms to the chest as to in a exercise routine.
the figure bends down, gets on their hands and knees and begins crawling to the right
a man waves his hands from side to side then does a submersion move and passes his left hand from the top right to left lower.
a person walks forward and picks something up off the ground with their right hand.
perosn walks forward, turns right, walks back
a person quickly jogs forward.
a person is swinging their arms as they are walking forward.
the person is walking very slowly.
a man brushes something at knee height with his right arm, then stands up, steps back, and extends his arms to either side.
a person briefly strums a guitar.
a person touches something with his left hand.
a man picks up an object and places it on the left side with his left hand on top of the object.
a person has both legs spread apart and hands down.
a person hold their arms out at shoulder level and swings them in circles.
a person walks diagonally from left to right then beds down to touch something as if they are switch a radio on or off then they walk back to where they started.
the person walks forward and speeds up as if pushed from behind.
walking forward and then stopping.
a person throws with right hand and catches with both hands.
figure holds right leg halfway.
person is practicing their shot put
a person is slowly tip toeing down a path while using his arms to balance himself.
the person is punching the air with their right arm
a person walks and turns around and walk, holding its red arm with its blue arm
a person walks forward while leaning the left hand on something.
walking forward and bending down.
a person is cleaning an object with his right hand and then raises both his hands.
the person slouches, leans from side to side as the walk forward
person is moving something from left to right with both arms
a person is leaning to the left.
a person is standing turns left and starts walking some, then they turn around and walk the other way, then they turn around again and walk back to where they started from.
a person walks diagonally in a stomping motion, trying to be careful which using his hands in a karate motion, then walks backwards in the same motion.
a person lowers their arms, raises them in front of them and then raises them out to their sides.
a figure stands with knees bent, not quite in a squat, and raises and lowers its arms
a person raises their arms from beside thier body to shoulder height, then lowers them down again.
a person staggers around slowly in an anticlockwise movement
running forward in a diagonal line
a person is walking and bends left
a man turns to his right, then steps forward, hesitating sometimes as though sneaking, making a wide clockwise square.
person walks forward and crouches down.
the person is standing with their arms out .
a person raised the hands and pull it down
a person that is running in place.
a standing person clasps her hands together in a golf grip, leans over, and makes a putting motion, swinging from her right to her left.
a person rubs his upper body and right arm in a counterclockwise motion with his left hand and then rubs his left-arm in a counterclockwise motion with his right hand.
a man goes from having his hands up ready to fight with right foot forward, to kneeling on his left leg, left hand back, and right hand on the ground.
a person walks foward to a certain spot, appears to be pouring or sprinkling somethiing on what might be food and putting a top onto something
a person is laying down and gets up.
person takes a step forward with left leg thens lifts the right leg and swings it to the side of the left leg then steps back to original position
a person walks forward one foot in front of the other with both arms stretched out.
man has his right foot in front of his left foot and leans forward while he moves his arm in an overhand throwing motion
a person angrily sways back and forth in a large stance, with their hands on their hips.
a person get up and bend on the knee
a person swings both arms.
a person takes a few steps, squats twice, then turns and and walks back,
figure is walking straight and turning left
person is exercising their neck
a person seems to be unsteadily walking back and forth while moving their hands rapidly.
a person brings their hands to their face, before crossing their arms at their chest in an x
a person walks backwards slowly.
a man takes a few steps forward, stopping in a standing position.
a person walks forward and then with right hand looks to be nailing something with a hammer
a person walks forward, then jogs back and forth across the floor before returning to their original position.
the man is pretending to be a mouse
a person leans back on their right leg and puts both hands on their hips, walks forward, turns a full circle anti-clockwise and then stands side on.
the person is doing a wrist and ankle warm-up.
a person walks in a counter clockwise direction.
the man is walking normally
a person sprints forward in a non straight line
the man has a dry right arm
man walking slowly forward with his hands out to his sides as he walks using an object on either side for balance.
this person uses both hands to lift an item that appears to be slightly heavy.
a man starts to do the splits.
person starts with both arms raised before using right hand pushing forward in an opening position hesitantly holds the position
a man walks forward with a slight arc to the left.
a man walks forward then turns around and walks in the opposite direction.
the person is strumming the violin .
a figure takes a step forward to pick up their cup, they take a drink.
a man walks forward, turns right and walks in that direction.
a person stands still with both arms extended at their sides.
a man stands marching in place, then picks up the pace to a slow jog.
a person slowly walks forward in a zig zag pattern
someone does two jumping jacks
the man takes a puff from his cigar
the figure quickly raises it right hand and proceeds to wave towards the camera.
the man is pretending to be mouse i think
a person lean on the floor and get up after
a person is boxing, throwing various combinations and demonstrating fighting footwork.
the figure is hunched, their head turns back and forth searchingly as they walk forward and then turn around counterclockwise and continue walking hunched.
a person gets on their hands and knees and then crawls back and forth before getting up again.
a man puts his arms in front and then waves them back and forth twice
lowering arms from shoulder height to waist then bending arms 90 degrees forward and rotating circular
character is standing at an angular position making the motion as to be swinging a baseball bat.
a person walks forward but slowly curves towards the left as they are walking and then stops.
person steps forward and block with the right arm. they turn counterclockwise 270 degrees and step forward to punch with the right arm. then they turn clockwise 280 degrees and punch with the left arm. then they turn counterclockwise 90 degrees and punch three times while walking forward
bending down and sitting criss cross.
a person takes one step diagonally to the right.
a man walks slowly forward, taking wide steps, before coming to a standing position.
person steps forward three steps then stumbles then does one more step
person crosses arms then puts them down.
person performs a swing like motion from right to left
a person walks forward, stumbles, and then continues to walk forward.
a person starts at top right, runs towards the center bottom and then back towards the top left.
the person was pushed to the left and then move back to the right.
a person stands over to sink while washing their hands
a person casually starts walking forward with their right foot and turns slightly to their left.
a person brings their right arm back then swings it rapidly forward in a throwing motion
a person jumps once hitting feet together, then lands and has trouble regaining balance.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person walking forward in a straight line, as if trying to model.
the person pick something and then it’s wiping off some thing.
a person does a single knee down with left leg with right leg stepping forward while raising right arm up to head level and placing its forearm in front of face, and then resume the original position.
person is walking straight backwards
a person running at full speed in a strait direction with its arms swinging left and right
a person falls to the right
a person standing up is making boxing motions with their left and right arms
a person takes four steps forward, and turns to their right while doing so, to end up facing to their right.
a person walks forward then turns around and walks back.
a person opening and reaching to grab objects from a height.
a person lifts their right arm.
a person is moving something with both arms.
a person slowaly walked backward while raising the hands up
a person is walking forward as if trying not to step on something.
a person raised their right arm in front of them, crossing over their body, then moves the arm to the right at shoulder level until it is out to their side.
left arm wrapped around something, right arm waving then both arms grabbing at something above, then back to left arm wrapped around something and right arm waving.
walking forward and then back.
somebody is drawing a line in the sand
a person paces from left to right.
the man starts with both arms lifted to the sides then puts them down.  he then looks side to side multiple times.
a person does many jumping jacks.
a person walks forward and towards the left hand side.
a man seated lifts both hands in a "t-pose" then lowers them and then stretches out his right arm.
a person is walking forward then turns to the left and stops
person walks straight while kicking their feet.
this person lifts something then places it to the right.
a person stands with elbows bent, and proceeds to curl their arms from the elbow toward their shoulders.
a person walks in a counter clockwise circle
a person scratching his head.
person stands still and aggressively points straight forward
a man swings his right arm around and then grabs his right elbow and brings it close to his body.
someone is pushed and stumbles to the left.
the figure is stepping left to right while swinging both arms like they are playing tennis.
a person picks something up with their left hand and begins rubbing their hands on something round in front of them that would be at their eye level
a person walks forward slowly
a person is dancing, jumping from side to side waving his arms above his head.
the person is rearranging and clearing  the walkway
a person stands at a slight squat with his arms outreached at his sides and then lowers them to knee-level.
a person is doing a shuffling amd tossing motion.
a man raises his right hand then shuffles slightly to the right.
person is rotating arms. first, rotates clockwise, then anticlockwise. appear to be warming up
a person bends his knees, steps forward, picks something up then steps back.
a person performing a right handed uppercut
a person walks up stairs.
a person jogs on the spot
person standing takes left arm and winds it five times forward stops and then winds left arm five times backwards using wide whole arm motions while the right arm is motionless
a person raises a drink to their mouth.
a man walks forward three steps then gently leaps two steps
the man is sitting down and standing up
someone walking forward with their arms swinging
a figure holds their elbows out to the side before flapping their arms as they are a chicken or bird.
a person walks forward and stops.
walking to the side while waving hands.
a person lowers and sits cross legged and then stands back up.
a person walks forward.
a person performing jumping jacks
a person throws an object with both hands.
waving arms around randomly.
a person walks in wavy motions.
a person bends down and jumps forward
a person adjusts something in front of them with their right hand.
the person calmly holds an object close to its face.
a person does horizontal jumps to the right.
a person walks down a ramp in a meandering line
a person sits down and drinks then gets back up
a person stands still while rocking back and forth
a person walks in a circle counter-clockwise.
a person walks forward then steps onto an object before stepping back down again,  steps forward some more, before turning around and going back again.
person looks around and then takes a step to their right
person bends at the knees and jumps forward
a man puts his left hand right shoulder  and then his right hand to his left shoulder and stretches his shoulder.
a man walks in a circle for 10 seconds to stretch his legs after sitting for an extended period of time.
the person is doing a salutation.
the person was walking on steppingstones.
a person who is clapping there palms together
person raises hands together neck height and claps
a man is is doing basketball drills.
a person picking objects up,  and then placing them on a higher surface.
a person picks up their right leg and touches it with their left hand.
the man is moving his arms
a person standing in place claps both hands for a short while, stops and puts arms down, then begins to clap hands again.
a person stretches with both arms, by raising their arms above their head.
a person seems to be throwing something a couple of times
a person washes windows with his right hand.
a person who is dodging things
a man takes one step back, sits down, then stands up and takes one step forward
a person walks like a zombie confused throughout a room with their arms up going in different directions
a person walking to the right then turning around
a person holding their hands to their face and suddenly letting go; peek a boo motion
a man using both hands is lifting something to put on a table.
a person passes a ball from his left to right hand.
a person walks back and forth and completes a circle
a person who is standing with his knees bent and his hands on his thighs reaches up with both of his arms, holds his right arm up while his left arm drops, drops his right arm, then lifts both arms out from his sides again.
a man walks continuously forward slowly with his arms down.
a man sits down before rubbing his legs.
a person moving their hips back and forth, left and right.
a person ran on the place and after bend the kne and start slowly walk
the person sits down whilst their right arm is shaking
the man is laying down and get up
a person walks forward while keeping their shoulders still
a person takes a few steps forward and bend down slightly, takes their right arm and opens something
person is facing forward with their arms extended out to the side. they rotate their wrists clockwise and counter clockwise before lowering their arms. they then keep their lower body facing forward while twisting at the waist to look behind them.
person walks forward in speedy fashion
a person walks forward, leans and touches something with his right hand, and then walks backward.
a person does a lunge with left foot leading, then another lunge with the right foot leading
a person grab with left hand the stand, and doing the spesific motion with left leg, turning in different directions
a man stumbles stepping out to his left before returning to a standing position.
a person touches knees to opposing elbows 5 times, stops and then does 1 squat.
a person rotates both arms in an anti-clockwise rotation
a person takes several steps in a somewhat random pattern while appearing to sweep the floor.
the person sits down and stands back up.
a person takes a side step to thoer left, then kneels down to the ground and starts crawling.
a person sits down and talks with their hands.
figure jogs forward, arms bent in front of them
a person slowly walekd by making the circle
a person stands and then walks backwards.
moving forward and take some thing  go back after once again come front take some thing and go.
a person sneakily crouches while moving laterally to his right and then to his left.
a person pitching a baseballl
a person raised his hands, and slowly doing the warm up the elbows, and hands
a man moves his right arm forward and touches something.
person walks forward, leans on table and reaches up for an item
a person holding a cell phone to ear.
a person squatting raises both their arms above their head.
a person performing a golf swing.
person stand in t position, interlocks hands, then returns to t
a person is removing an object from a wheel and then steering a large boat wheel.
a man is washing a window
a person sits down and then stands back up.
this person runs forward foot over foot.
a figure jumps up extending their body.
a person walks in an arc slightly to their right.
a man bends his knee to the ground then stands upright and start swinging his arm forward
a person holds his arms out in front of him, bows slightly, lowers his arms, raises them again, and bows once more.
the man kicks with his right foot and then returns to a stable position.
person is jogging in place.
a person stayed on the place
a person walking hops to the side forward, reaching down to touch knee.
person is slow walking.
a person trots in a slightly curved line.
the person did an ankle twist with his left foot and then did an ankle twist with his right foot.
a person waves with their right hand.
person is waving  with the right hand.
pretend to hold something and moves it
a person kicks the ground a few times with their left foot.
person walking at a average pace forward, swaying arms and torso with a sense of swagger
a person swings a golf club.
the person is running backwards quickly.
walking forward and then bending down.
a person stands still, while waving with their left hand.
a person walks several steps forward in a straight line.
a person, searching for something with their left hand, picks up the item with their right hand and places it in something by their head.
a person casually walks forwards, turns around, walks back, turns to the right, and backs up a few steps while raising both forearms level with the floor.
person staggers side to side from a standing position
a person picks up and moved an object from right to left.
a person walks backward for 3 steps.
a man walks 4 paces forward, then wipes his feet on the ground.
a person walks up to something, picks it up, brings it back to where they were, and begins to make a washing motion with their hand.
this person runs and ducks under something.
a person walks forward with his arms at his side slowly.
with hips swaying like a woman walking, this person takes 4 steps up the stairs, turns to the right on steps 5 & 6, then walks down the stairs in 4 more steps, walking back to where they started.
a person walks forward and then shuffles quickly to the left and then walks diagonally forward.
a person hops in place twice.
a person walks steadily along a path while holding onto rails to keep balance.
a man walks forward slightly angling to the right.
a figure struts forward confidently
man shakes right leg first and then left leg.
a person uses a hand rail while walking up and then down a flight of stairs.
a figure stretches is hands and arms above its head
a man walks slowly forwards, stepping widely to the right and left.
a person takes eight steps forming a complete circle
a person takes a step to the left.
a person walking forward before turning counterclockwise to stare down a ledge.
the man is walking slowly
a person pokes their left hand along the ground, like they might be planting seeds.
the person steps forward and uses the right leg to kick something forward.
a person walks around and stops.
a person crosses their arms
a person does squats with raised hands, pushing their hand bove their head when they stand up from the squat.
a person is doing starjumps then stops and starts exercising
figure waves hand in front of themselves.
a person claps rolls with their hands while sitting.
the person is waving with their right arm.
the person softly tosses the ball
a person walking back and fourth
a person stretches their arms up and then puts them down.
[from:0s-to:4s] a person bends their left hand above their head, and then reaches towards the top of their spine
the person through something up and kicked it forward.
the person is moving things on with both hands on a shelf.
a person slides an object from their left to right.
a person walking forward swinging their left arm and then turns around
person walks forward and to the left
person picks something up with left hand to adjust something.
a person walks around in a circle.
person he’s eating with his left finger.
a person walks to his left.
a man in spinning in circles and then stops.
the man is moving his arms and legs
a person uses both of their hands to pick up an object above head level, then crouches to put it down, then stands up straight.
the man is sitting down and standing up
a person takes a step forward with their right foot, kicks something with their left foot, and pulls their left and right foot back.
the person is walking back and forth.
he sits down in an armchair.
a person slowly walks backwards in a counter counterclockwise motion while dragging their right foot.
a person jumps over an object in front of them
a person takes small steps back and forth while swinging their arms in the air
a person jumps in the air, spinning in a complete circle, walks forward, then walks backwards.
a person throwing a punch with right hand.
person is stretching to the side.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides, crosses his arms, then slightly adjusts his arms in the crossed position, then drops his arms to his original position.
a person has their elbows at chest height with hands in front of body.
the sim is standing, raises their right arm to make a windmill motion.
a person slowly waves with their right hand twice
a person bends down forward.
the headless person with a broken back walked up to a chair, sat down, then applauded their self for doing so.
a person is combing their hair
this person is holding his arms out and dancing the walls.
the person kick his left foot up and both hands up in counterclockwise circle and stop.
a person lifts up their right arm to the side.
a person lifts up something heavy and passes to someone on his left several times.
the person was running with a straight drive in the football in his hand.
clamped both hands together, stepped feet together on one side then returned to middle and released hands.
a person standing in one location dancing or mimicking a gorilla.
a person moves from kneeling with their hands on their ground to having their feet and hands on the ground
a person stretches their elbows behind them.
a person walks forward with arms at their sides, turns around, and walks back while lifting their arms to their belly.
a person walks in a left bend direction.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides, bends to his right, reaches down and picks something up with both hands, then moves the item to his left and places it down.
a person slowly walks in an s shape while shifting weight between each leg
the person dodges something that was going to hit their head, then walks around and bends down a little and holds their head.
person got down on his knees with his arms straight out holding himself up.
person moves forward sluggishly then runs in other direction
a man dances forard then back
a man walks forward on a diagonal holding on to the railings on each side of him while he walks.
a person brings their left arm and leg across their body, extends them and then swings them back to the right and twirls around on their right foot.
a person urgently backs up before crawling on all fours back and forth and getting up again.
the person standing with his arms out wide and then calls them into chest.
a figure stands with its arms sort of out to its sides, swaying slightly back and forth tentatively
a person has both of their hands holding where their head would be and frantically jogs around.
person takes a step to the left and seems to injure left leg
a man stumbles sideways to the right.
a person walks while slowly swaying their hands and arms.
this person moves quickly right then left to sit down.
a person walks forward with a slight limp.
person walks forward in straight line 4 steps and then stops.
walking backwards and then forward.
a person jogs in place.
a person uses reaching motion with left arm, and then brings hands to middle and extends arms outward and horizontally twice
he pushes recovery on right arm
a person hold their hands out in front of them and slowly swings back and forth starting to the left
person walks then steps over something
a person climbs a ladder
the person is moving his arm to the right.
person is running from side to side
stick figure bends over picks somthing up then starts walking forward
a man runs on a flat surface
a  man uses his left hand to fill in something and bends to collect it down,turns and goes back.
a person who is stirring with their left arm
walking forward with legs wide apart.
a person jogging in place.
he sctratches his head
a person walks forward and bends over to pick something up, then walks forward more and places the object on a table
a person slowly walks forward.
person backed up and sat down
a person walks backwards and stops.
a person puts his hands together in front of him then rests them on his side
a person takes a step forward, squats down, places their left hand on the ground in front of them, moves their hand slightly counter counterclockwise then stands up.
a person walks to the left and sits down.
the man looks to shake someone's hand before giving a wave with his left hand and walking out.
the person is sitting down i think scratching head.
a person runs or jogs in place as if they are warming up for something
a person drops his arms, claps his hands together, then walks four steps to his left and sits down.
person makes motions like hit bongos.
the blue and red stick figure is scratching his shoulder
a person jumps while turning back and forth; they stumble back on their last jump since they try to do a 360 turn unsuccessfully
a person is walking around the room.
the human stick figure leaned to his right walked to left leaned and lift habd in circular motion.
a person stands up straight, turns over their left shoukder trying to dodge something, stumbles bacj to center and then turns over right shoukder trying to dodge something
the person who does arms straight out and then it’s doing something with their left hand in front of their face.
a man is picking up using his right hand and then turns to the side with right foot.
a person walks up to a backwards chair and sits down on it with legs outstretched, then stands back up.
the person is playing dodgeball.
he has a pain in musclehead
a person swings his arms, twists and kicks out with his left foot.
the person checks their left wrist as if checking the time.
a person is standing swinging both arms back and forth, then walks backwards and stretches their left arm by imitating a throwing motion.
a person throws something with their left hand.
a person balances on one foot and waves their arms up and down.
a man is alternating hopping on one foot.
this person is running quickly across the space.
person is slowly throwing a base ball.
the person is pretending he’s a dog.
a person moves around their space while sweeping.
a man is walking forward in a hurry
a person puts his left hand by his head, looks around, then puts his hand back down again
a man jumps and spins to the right.
a man holds his arms out for balance and then takes a small jump.
the person adjusts their shoulders before outstretching their arms.
the person has their hands together in front of them and then swings them to their right.
the person work for you turn left and walk back
a person raised a little hand
a person with no head walks down a rectangle block swaying his or her arms.
a person gets on the ground and does a downward dog pose
the person is walking upstairs.
a person quickly sidesteps to the right and regains balance.
a man walks forward, canting slightly to the left.
a person grabbed something with both hands and put it down
a person walks in a curve to the left, turns and climbs several stairs.
a person has their right hand on their ear, pumps their left arm.
the man is laying down and getting up
person is clapping their hands.
a person walks and turns left
a person walks around in a counterclockwise direction.
a person walking down something fast.
a person standing waiting for the train
the person raises their arms to the side
a person moves their arm in broad strokes up and down, and then back and forth.
the man steps back picks up some food and takes a bite then sets it back on the table.
a person is holding their left arm to their head and then returns it back to side several times while walking in counterclockwise circle.
a person jogs in place for a few seconds and then stops.
a person does a forward kick with his left leg.
a person slowly walks forward with spine slightly hunched forward,  turns around to their left and walks forward some more in the other direction, and then turns around to their left and walks forward again
a person is walking backwards slowly.
while standing in a half-squat with hands on knees, person turns head side to side and then quickly turns body and head clockwise.
the persons turns sideways and does 2 push out movements with its arms.
a man stretches his left arm forward and then stretches out his right arm multiple times.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle.
the person jumps forward and turns to his right.
a person with their knees on the ground and their hands, gets up.
a person picks something up with both hands, tilts it, then sets it down
a person lifts something with both hands, moves it to his left and sets it down.
a  man kneels down then stands back up.
the person is standing still with his arms that aside.
a person puts their hands on their hips
a person warms up pectorals by waving arms inwards and outwards.
a person takes one step forward towards the left
a person raises his left hand to shoulder height and raises his right hand and impersonates strumming a guitar
a person puts hands together, then places them on his thighs and lastly outstretched from his sides.
a man throws a ball.
moving to the side and throwing something.
this person moves both arms out to his sides in a large circular motion then walks forward.
a person stands while raising their left hand, bending by the elbow, to their facial area, pauses, and puts their left arm back down.
the man moves forward slowly
a man stands on the ground, turns half way around clockwise walks away 8 steps and turns back around.
a person walks backwards 6 1/2 steps, turns around and returns walking backwards 7 steps.
with the left arm bent with the hand facing up, the right hand high in the air and the left foot out, the person brings arms down and foot forward. then the person bows and move arms outward.
person is stumbling while trying to pick up something
a person clasps and unclasps his hands in front of his face.
a person moved in left and after right direction
a person raised arms up and pull them down
figure appears to be showing pain in left leg
the person performs various stretches.
the person pushes off their leg to move forward
the character is crouching down and shuffling.
a person is sitting on the ground, scratches their face with their left hand, and turns to the left to look behind him.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle.
a person stretches their arms above their head and outward.
a person uses their left hand to tilt something towards their head
moving hands in a circular motion.
the person is standing still doing body stretches.
the girl squats down and crawls forward on her hands and knees.
a person sidesteps back and forth.
a person leaps forwards, then leaps to the right, and then to the left.
he lunges his right arm
a person takes a slight step back
person is checking the time
a person holds their arms out, stands on their right leg and waves around their left leg.
a person start action with both of his hands at equal level as his shoulders puts them down and then lifts something
a person raises his left hand to his head and then lowers it back to his side.
a figure gestures with arms outstretched to the right and then twists with arms still extended
person balances on right leg then with arms up high has arms fully extended keeping balance on right leg
a person lifts his left hand to his mouth are and then puts it back by his side.
a person extends their left arm, and brings it back several times.
a person throws something with their left hand hard.
a person steps back and forth and swats something to the ground
a person slowly walks sideways from left to right.
a person walks forward, bends down, picks something up and moves it, gets back up and walks back.
a man walks down some stairs, ending in a standing position.
a person starts sitting down.
a human os crawling on the ground with hands and knees, stands up first on his right foot and turns counter counterclockwise one hundred and eighty degrees.
the person is lifting a dumbbell with the left hand.
a person limping around loosely.
a person stands forward and doing the call with his left arm.
a figure walks forward and gives a sligh kick with thr right foot before stepping backward to the starting position.
a person is using both hands to mix dough
a man evenly walks calmly forward while swinging right and left arms.
a person walks forward and slaps his left hand on it, while tapping his right food
stick figure stood still moving his arms in a strumming motion
the person is walking back-and-forth from right to left back to the right.
he rows on a big boat
the person is walking forward turning right.
someone walking then sitting down in a chair.
a man squatted down, moving arms right and left.
the person who’s walking diagonally to the left.
a man  walks forward in a steady pace.
a person jumps into the air and does a 180.
this figure seems to be jumping over something
moving front and little  band  at right side.
person walks forward then turn around to the left and walks back
the man is pushing from right side
a person claps four times.
someone walks forward turn left and stop
a person throwing something at shoulder height.
a person is wavering a bit, then turns around.
moving hands side to side.
the man runs quickly fron the top to the bottom.
a person waves, takes a step back, turns counterclockwise and waves again
person steps to the left two steps then steps to the right two steps then steps back to where he started.
he does a punchkarate walk
the person is jumping up and down.
a person walks up stairs.
someone hold heads in hands and bend to the right, trying to dodge something
eating food from waist height
someone turns to flatten themselves against a wall then sidesteps along in a straight line forward then back.
the person is stretching arms out.
the person is moving his arms like he is arguing with someone.
a person leans to the left, then the right and then moves their left foot out and then their right foot out.
a person walks forward, picks something up off of the floor, then puts it on a low shelf or object.
waving hands in the air above head.
a person takes a jump sideways to their left.
person thrusts left leg forward in lunge three times  and extends upper body forward three times at same time
a person grabs their left foot and places it on their right thigh, and balances on one foot and then does the same with the other foot.
a person doing jumping jacks.
a person side steps to the left, then side steps to the right and final back to the left
backwards all four walk and dodge
a person walks in a circle at a steady pace with their head slightly tilted downwards.
a person is walking forward.
hands in fighting position while the right foot kicks aggressively up and over.
a person walks up touches his shoulder them walks a full circle and stops
a person stands with their arms out at the sides, jumps up one time, then walks forward
a person crosses his legs and sits down maintaining that position.
a person reaches down with his left hand and twists his wrists right and left.
this man bends down to pick up a box or ball, and then puts it on a shelf, which is on his chest level.
a person jumps forward a few inches.
a person walks on stepping stones.
person steps to the left 3 times and then steps to the right 4 times
a man turns to his left and out stretches his right hand then alternates with his left hand.
a person lifting this left leg and adjusting his shoes and tying the laces on the shoes
a person walks forward, spins around and walks back.
the man lifts a dumbell over his head
the man walked forward, forming a forty-five degree angle.
a person is walking backwards.
a person with their hands on their chest and elbows out to the side flaps their elbows several time turned slightly to the left the wiggles to the right side and then wiggles to their left side and repeats the elbow flapping motion.
this person is jumping in the air.
taking a small hop and few steps to the right
a person punches right a few times.
person walks forwards at a fast pace, turns around 180 degrees counterclockwise using only their left leg as support, and then walks forwards again.
a person walks forwards and swings their left arm backwards twice.
a figure rubs its hands together and shifts its weight from foot to foot
a person who is sitting with their arms bent turns their arms back and forth
the person was pushed backwards.
doing jumping jacks in place.
person raises left arm to shoulder height and then lowers it back down by side
the person reached on the table picked up a lightbulb and screwed it in.
stand on the floor and jump forward.
a figure bends down to sit on the floor slowly and cross-legged
a person who has his hands by his sides slowly creeps forward while looking about.
an idividual in compat position wirh left leg and arm placed forward is truning counterclockwise while holdinf the position.
a person dodges to the right, then to the left, then performs a kick with the right leg.
person is standing and stretching out their triceps
a person walks forward slowly while holding on to something on either side of them.
a person folds their arms over their chest, and then unfolds them.
a person uses his hands to dig a space inside of something, then he picks up an object to his left, places the object into the space, and finally he partially covers the object with the substance he initially removed.
a man raises his right hand over his head, the lets it back down next to his hip.
person took his left hand to his mouth
a person stands with a wide defensive stance.
a person walks forward, twirls and then walks back.
a person walks forward very slowly.
the person is walking around.
a man marches forward then turns around and marches in the opposite direction.
as a man jumps up and down he raises both arms straight up, then parallel to the ground, then down, then repeats the motion.
a person throws with the left arm.
a person walks forward and stops.
a figure stands in place, crossing its arms
a man places his right hand onto his left biceps the returns of to his side.
a man circles his weight about his left ankle.
a man diving into water, swimming.
the person walks forward, somewhat slowly.
a person is running on a treadmill.
a person turns to throw something with his right hand.
a person throws something with their left hand.
person lifts hands up in front of face
a person dances rhythmically with their partner who leads the dance, and they execute a few spins.
a person with knees bent stands and holds arms out to the sides, drops them down to his side
a person walks forward, and then takes a sharp turn right, back to where they started.
person crouches down with both shoulders and legs wide apart from back to front
the person smashed a tennis ball with his tennis racket.
a man walks forwards and then pivots back in a counterclockwise half circle.
the person has their arms out horizontally, drops their arms while taking two steps back, then sits down and places their hands on their knees.
the person is pretending to be an animal.
a person moves their head in a counterclockwise circle by using the range of motion in their neck
person is holding onto a handrail
the person is standing still with their arms on their hips, they lean back on their left leg while extending their right leg and do two mini dips with their left leg
a person slowly stepping forward trying to avoid some things on the ground.
a person slowly walk forward, stops, and makes a gesture with their left hand implying "never mind"
a person walks forward then sits down, and rubs their hands together while also tapping their feet and slowly slumping forward.
person seems to be speaking using his hands as jesters while speaking.
the person marches forward, directed to the left
a person puts both hands in the air.
person is walking down then around.
the person jumps up from  indian style sitting position onto two feet standing position. then the person leaps once.
the standing person kicks with their right foot before going back to their original stance.
a person does a spinning kick in an clockwise direction and ends up in a fighting pose
he steps forward and picks something from a shelf, then turns, walks back, turns around, and returns it.
bringing hand towards face.
a person turns in a counterclockwise direction, holds their hands up as if to push something, and takes a step forward and a step back.
this person moves his right arm making a wide circular motion then moves both arms the same way.
a person walks down some stairs
a person starts in a squat with arms outstretched, then lowers their hands to their thighs and stands still.
a person walks forward as if they start to walk up stairs.
a person walks in a curve towards the left
a person prepares to throw something with their left arm and completes the throw.
a man starts with his hands together in front of his face then drops them to his sides spiritless and raises back in front of his face.
raising hand to head as if blocking the sun from vision
a person bends to the left
a person is awkwardly shuffling around a room, maybe dancing, maybe exercising but cannot be sure.
a person walks forward to the left and casually looks around.
a person casually takes 3 steps forwards and then goes into a sumo squat .
a person takes two steps and throws sometime
a person crosses his arms.
a man slowly raises both arms high over his head in a stretch, holding the posture for several seconds, with his left arm stretched out to his side.
man running and stopping after
while sitting a person raises his right hand to his face and back down.
a person walks forward on a beam.
a person runs forward, pauses, and then continues running forward.
a person is jogging then stops then starts to jog again.
walking forward and then to the side.
the person is moving around jumping around.
a man stands on the ground ,moves his left hand foward , and then moves his right foot foward trying to kick something.
a person holding something walks forward, puts it down on the ground, then continue to walk forward.
the person is bouncing the left arm up and down.
a person stands from the ground, takes right foot up, sets back down, does the same on the left side.
a person is contracting his left arm multiple times.
a person crosses their arms in front of their chest, then drops them back at their sides.
crouching down then walking.
person is looking at someone with their left hand.
a person with their right hand strait in the air tilts right and left quickly
a person moves back and forth to loosen up their muscles, and then claps their hands to cheer someone on.
a person raises both arms towards their face and pushes one leg up and out.
a person has something in their right hand, and brings it to their face.
a person is sweeping the floor
he does a hand stand, holds it a few seconds then stands back up.
a person jogs around in a semi circle and then back, before walking.
the person sat down in the chair.
a person walks forward, is pushed backward, and then resumes walking forward.
a man sprints forward then goes down to all fours continuing forward and stands back up.
a man begins to walk down a ramp, swinging his arms forward and backward and when he gets sto the bottom he walks back up again.
a person attemps to walk byt is stumbling
he does a robot dance
a person bends at the knees with their arms back and then jumps up and slightly forward.
a person brings his left hand to his face.
a person brings their left arm towards their face/neck area.
a person turns to the left and walks left , pivots and turns to the right  walks to almost the end , and turns left and ends where  they orginally started.
a person makes an underhanded throw with his left arm, as if rolling a ball, before raising both arms into the air as if throwing a ball, then he takes two steps back and runs forwards quickly.
the person is hopping up-and-down.
a person who is waling straight ahead
a man walks forward two steps and kicks his left leg and foot into the air two times in a row. he then walks backwards two steps and pauses, followed by walking forward two steps and kicks into the air with his right leg and foot.
a person is doing bicep curls with both arms.
a man walks forward in a straight line at first then sidles to the left side.
person is doing some sort of dance
a person steps over an object/puddle while walking.
a person walking by making a large circle
a person walks in a curved angle then stops.
a person swings their right hand above their head and in front of them.
person is jumping up and down slightly on the spot
person is standing and jumping on one feet.
a person walks and stumbles on their left foot.
a person opens a bottle and drinks from it with their right hand.
a person reaches forward with their left arm
person walk forward them crouched slightly.
a person talks while using left hand.
the person is making dough.
a person walks forward with a limp.
a standing person first puts both of their hands on their hips, then kicks out their right leg, then raises both of their hands in the air above their head, and finally waves their right hand, palm down, in front of them.
someones walks forward in a side to side pattern.
the person is walking up the stairs
the person lifts and moves both arms around.
man stands and rotates both arms in multiple directions and then lifts one leg and then the other.
a person raised the hands and start to make wave
a person hops up and down in place.
a person is sitting down, using a phone with their hands and puts it up to their ear.
this person walks in a circle then turns to move right.
a person standing up uses both hands to perform a swimming motion, in which they move both hands away from their body horizontally at chest level.
a person walks in a small, clockwise circle, three times, while crossing one foot over the other.
a person walks while holding on to handrails.
a person bend the arms and knee and strat to warm up
this person walks forward then turns left and walks back.
a person paces back and forth
a person walks backward quickly.
a person walks forward, ankle to toe, while holding both arms out to the side and holding the wall to steady themself.
a man is running with arms at side.
this person slowly moves from right to left as if to be gentle.
a man is walking strait forward at a moderate pace with his arms moving naturally
a person stretches their left shoulder an then their right.
a person walks backwards sits, stands and walks forward again.
a person walks around like a robot
a man puts both arms down and moves his head side to side and in a circular motion.
a man walks backwards without looking behind himself.
the sim walks forward, reaching the end of the plane and looping backwards again.
a person moves forward then left while making the motion of shaking the hands with the right arm, both arms and then the right arm again.
a person lifts both arms out to the side and waves their upper arms back and forth.
a person lifts dumb bells
a person reaches form something on the right and moves it to the left.
a person walks forwards doing ballet, skipping then raising one leg, then skipping and raising the other leg.
a person in a squatting position, tilts and object back and forth
a person walks forward and then turns around on his right foot and walks back.
this person walks in a clockwise direction.
a person makes stiff staggering motions forward.
a man turns towards his right, steps back with his right foot to look over his right shoulder, then returns his right foot pauses, steps backwards with his left foot and looks over his left shoulder.
the figure flexes its arms upwards towards its face at elbow level five times.
moving sideways then stopping.
a man walks and steadies himself with a handrail.
a person walks forward and then stumble to their right.
a man is doing karate moves.
the person walks forward, waved their hand then stepped backward
a person turns around sadly to wipe away their tears.
a person leans over with their hands on their knees, raises their right hand to touch/scratch the back of their head, and then resumes an athletic looking stance
a person walks curved to their right.
a person stands with their left arm out while moving their left leg.
a person is jogging on a treadmill.
a person slowly walked and made a cicrle and after leaned on the back
a person bends at the knees and pushes off the ground, moving through the air and landing a few feet from where they once were.
left hand goes over and infront the right just goes in front
a person takes slow, steady steps forward with their arms loose at their side
this person sits on a chair then moves to the floor to sit down.
a person takes three steps backward.
person moves left hand bringing hand to face and then bends arm away from body and hangs it at the elbow.
a person walks forward then walks up something.
the figure walks from the bottom right to the top left of the square, and bends down as if picking something up twice.  then it turns around.
moves left arm down to the right bending to the floor, then lifte the box, stands up, and turns to his right turns round and places item at waist height
a person slowly walked backwards
a man backsteps for several seconds, starting with his left foot.
a person throws an object with their left hand.
this person walks forward then turns right to walk back.
a person is walking around in circles with their left arm resting on or in something.
a person steps over something low and then keeps walking forward.
person holds right arm out and left arm forward, then shuffles side to side as if doing the chacha dance
a person who is running launches off of his right foot, jumps forward, lands on both feet and continues running.
the person makes the sign of the cross three times with their left  hand.
the guy is stumbling around backwards and forwards.
a man walks forward slowly.
a person picks something up and put it to the right side.
a person slowly walked forward in righr direction and after person raised left and right hand
a person reaches his left arm straight forward
a person walks diagonally to his right, turns around, and walks halfway in the other direction.
the person was pushed backwards but did not fall down.
a man picks up an object with his right hand then places the object down with his left hand.
a person standing up leans forward, then lowers their head and arms.
a person steps forward, then quickly turns and steps backwards.
a person stumbles a little while walking.
a man walks forwards then sits in a chair and repositions himself for comfort.
a person stands with both hands on their thighs and raises his hands to their shoulder height, then puts his arms back onto their thighs.
a person does jumping jacks.
walking forward and then stopping.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person throws an object with a sidearm, shoots a basketball, and then throws overhand
a person taking slow steps forward.
a figure walks on their heels
a figure walks forward slowly and then up stairs
a person stares at the ground then stands up straight
the man is walking with handrail table
bending down then moving arms.
a person holds their hands at their waist while making pecking motions with their body like a chicken.
from a standing pose with both arms raised, the person twists from right to left and then from left to right
person walks forward, turns right, and walks back
a person is leaning and checking their surroundings.
the rig walks forward then turns around and continues walking before stopping where he started
a person jogs in place.
a person has both hands up and repeatedly squats down, bending at the knees.
garbage man throws garbage in the truck
a person walks slowly forward
a man leans forward while swinging his clasped hands in front of him.
starting with his right foot, a person ambles forward.
walks and stumbles around with the arms out in front of the body.
a man kneels down and braces himself on a stool with his left hand.
a man walks moderately forward.
a person runs forward and to his right and jumps over something midway.
a person is walking drunk in a circle counterclockwise
the person was standing still.
a person walks in a counterclockwise direction.
the man kicks with his left foot.
a person walks turning to the left.
a standing person holding an object in each hand pushes overhead while turning hands inward at bottom of the movement.
the person standing looking at a subject in his camera.
person walks forward quickly in the centre
a person walks in a large circle to their left.
a person is walking in a counter counterclockwise circle.
walked left then went up  ladder, holding on with both arms then reached with left arm to grab something
a person steps forward then goes down to the ground on their hands and knees, then they crawl forward on all fours.
a person is walking up stairs and holding onto the rail
a man spins around clockwise before shaking something with both hands. he then takes a step back and shakes something with just his right hand.
the person threw some thing forward.
this person twist at the hips and bends right to left with arms extended.
person makes one large step to the left
a person with arms open low hanging and drawing a small circle innerward, and then staggering backward a few steps, but still remains standing position.
person is doing a ballet dance
a person walks forward slowly, then jumps once.
a person jogs towards the left in a arc pattern, turns and then jogs back.
the being bends over to pick something up and put on a shelf, then does so again.
subject is standing facing forward the subject kicks right leg 2 times forward then kicks   right leg 2 times to the side next the subject's left arm punches forward
the person took a step and jump backwards.
a person walks around slowly in a clockwise direction, with little arm swinging; a deliberate stepping action (long stride, almost like counting meters).
the person quickly runs off.
the person is walking on the treadmill.
the man is walking fast
the person steps backward, sits in a chair and then stands up
a person who is standing with his arms extended at shoulder height drops his hands to his knees and holds that position before raising his arms to his original position.
a person in a sitting position hitting with his left hand to throw something
a man waves with his left hand.
person looks like they're brushing teeth and proceed to rinse with water
the being feels gas within its hearing sense of its sun, then returns to its current position.
a person is crouched over trying to swat at something.
a person is holding their head with both arms.
a person steps back with his left leg, dragging his right leg on the ground.
the man is standing in front of a counter and starts wiping the counter with a circular motion.
a person swings a golf club hard.
a man carefully walks backwards to the opposite end of the room.
a person walked in right direction and return
a person hunches his shoulders, puts his hands on his hips, pivots slightly to the left, and leans in on his left foot, as if to start walking somewhere in a deliberate and purposeful manner.
someone begins walking then seems to trip to the left before correcting the path they were on.
walking forward then backwards.
he picks up two items from a table, pours one into a pot, and sprinkles the other before stepping back.
person takes one step backward to their left
picks up something and moves arms over to the right to place it down
person walks backwards in a straight line
a man walks backwards and then stops.
a person plays a violin with their left hand in the air and their right hand holding the bow.
the person jumps over something and lands on feet.
a man walks forward and then back in a boxing stance.
the person lifts his left hand to his face.
a person moving their leg in a circular motion  and then swinging it forward and backwards
a person punches as if they are boxing.
a person wakls  forward, then turns on his right foot and goes back
a person has a bouncy walk forward, turns around and walks back.
a man picks something with his left hand, shakes it, then puts it back.
the figure looks like it types in a number and then makes a phonce call.
a person takes a wide swing with their right hand.
this person stands stills and looks to be making a drink.
a person waiving looking straight and then turning attention to the right.
a person walks forward with their arms extended to the side.
a person stumbles to the left
the person walks in a counterclockwise circle
the person is handling something.
a person walks forward several steps then loses their balance, hesitates and leans towards the left; takes several more steps with their body swaying towards the right,
a person bent over bracing object with left hand and rotating object with their right hand.
a person walks forward and then zig zags to avoid an obstacle.
a person walking and jumping forward.
a person walks forward and makes a waving motion twice with his left arm, and repeats the movement one more time.
a person walks down a ramp.
squat down place your palms on the floor and hop like a frog.
a person moves his left and right hand around.
a person steps forward, gestures with their right hand and steps back.
a man is in a squatting position, hands at shoulder height, and he lifts his left arm before dropping it.
a man takes 1 step to the right.
a person is kicking something with their left leg, and then starts to kick something else behind them with their right leg.
a man walks forward before stopping.
person shuffles quickly to the left then shuffles quickly to the right.
a person walks at a medium pace, diagnally towards the camera
a person casts a fishing line, then reels it in.
someone gestures with their left hand, makes a rowing motion to their left and right, then gestures in a s shape with both their hands before putting both hands in the air.
a person jumps sideways to his right side.
a person walks around with swagger using their left hand to wave.
a person walks while swinging his arms.
a person flinches at the shoulders.
person throws something forward with left hand.
a person approaches someone and they begin to slow dance.
a man raises their left arm, sets it down, raises its left arm again, then sets it down, then raises it right arm.
this person kicks with his right leg then jabs several times.
a person walks in a circular motion
the man does 3 jumping jacks.
a person does windmills with their left arm.
a man walks swiftly in a curved line with his back bent.
a person walks forward, hand at the side.
a person appears to be ice skating.
a person turns their upper body to the right and left at the waist white waving their left hand.
a stick model is squatting and joining their arms in front
the man is making gestures
the sim is jogging in circles.
someone bend down to tye a shoe
the figure takes 4 large steps forward, with shoulder squared.
person has their right hand raised, then lowers it and then uses their left hand to express their thoughts. looks like they're having a conversation with another person in an expressive way
a man walks forward, starting with his left foot he places one in front of the other.
a person moving forward while bending over and waving their arm behind their back.
a person swings their left hand into an upper cut punch.
moving arm towards face repeatedly.
the person was walking forward them backed up.
a person walks forward at an average pace to the edge of a grey square, turns ninety degrees to their left, then walks forward to another edge of the same square.
a person walks forward then turns around and walks back.
jumping up and down.
a person raises both hand up in front of his face.
a person loses balance and walks backwards to the left.
a person slowly walked forward
a person turns to his left, picks up something with his left hand, and then turns around and walks diagonally to his right.
a person is shaking something with red arm and pouring something with blue arm.
the person climbs up something for few steps.
a person moves forward slightly.
a person slides foot to the left and then walks in a circle.
a person stands bent back nonchalant.
a person stretches an arm, then raises both arms.
a person steps forward and kicks an object.
a man jumps from right to left.
the person put his right arm in front of his face and dropped it down and put it back up again.
a person raises left hand, waves with hand, and then places the hand back at side.
walks downwstairs forward directly
a person puts both hands in front of him.
the person is playing the drums with both hands.
a person slowly walked forward sit on the knee and stand up , and after went back
a figure walks with their hands in the air.
a man picks something up, drinks it and then puts it back.
a person jumps in place.
a person lifts his right arm into the air.
person moving arm in up motion
this person is dancing quickly all around.
a person uses their right knee to get up from the floor.
a person squats, gets back up the makes a t-shape with its body.
a person walks ina curved line.
a person is leaning forward and reaching for something.
the person is punching the air.
a person walking forward agressivly
this person was walking leisurely .
a person walks forward and moves their arms
a person walks straight forward at moderate speed.
a figure steps forward with one leg and swings his arm over his head and diagonally across in a pitching motion.
a person is running fast then stops
someone makes a sweeping gesture with their right arm, then swings both their arms in a circle as if they are swimming.
a person is doing a salsa dance moving their legs and arms.
this person stands still then lifts his left foot.
a person runs towards the left side.
a person is walking, turns around and then walks back
a person stepping back and putting both arms up in front of face
a person walks slowly and then begins to jump around and wave their arms in the air.
a person walks in a circle to the left.
a person walks in a large, clockwise, circular shape.
a person puts his arms up and extends them outwards then puts them back down again
a person squats down then stands back up and rotates their torso right and left.
a man first walks forward and then to the left.
a person is walking in a u-shape while facing forward.
a person wiggles their hips back and forth while waving their arms.
the man is making gestures
the man is eating his finger i think
a person is dribbling a basketball while trying to keep the ball away from another player.
a person picks up two objects, pours something from the right object into the left object, and then sets them back down.
a person raises their arms to mid level and tends to something (planting a plant?).
a person stands still and then walks forward and leans down to wash something with his right hand.
person rubs hands together while shifting side to side and the gives a thumbs down
the person puts their hands inward and flaps their arms up and down.
a person waltzes back and forth with another person.
a man seems to be walking forward on a straight line
the person was running to pick up a box.
person arches both hands at his sides, scratching at his side with his right arm first, before then using both arms to scratch his sides, then raising his left arm to scratch his head.
the figure begins from an initial pose, and swings hands and jumps as if jumping rope, then stops, and restarts.
person touch his head or face with left hand.
a person winds up left arm and does a kick with right leg.
person is practicing tennis moves
the person that was doing a windmill spinning around.
with legs shoulder width apart, person brings arms to their thighs before out stretching back outward to their side.
the person is walking very slow
person takes step down then two steps on the same spot and then big jump dow and half turn to the left
a man moved forward swinging his left arm side to side.
a person opens a bottle and drinks from it.
a person moving the shoulders round and tries to wiggle the hips.
a person takes steps to the right and to the left before standing in place
a person positions his arms and legs and uses the left arm to punch to the right.
the toon turns around, walking backwards to the end of the plane before once again turning around.
a person brings their hands to their face and looks to each side.
a person raises both their arms over their head while bending their elbows, they then bend their knees in a squat, and then come out of it.
a person has arms back and head forwards bouning around.
a person moves his hands together.
a person moves three steps to the right, four steps to the left and two steps back in a side step motion.
a person drops their hands to their side and then raises them again.
person is flexing their right bicep
the soccer player kicks the ball
a person walks slowly backwards while on their toes.
a person kneels down on both knees.
a person stands up from being on one knee
a person hops on one leg to the left with their right leg trailing behind them.
the person was running to the left and then to the right very quickly.
swimming diagonally to the right
a man sits down on the ground cross-legged and throws an object with his left hand.
a person walks forward and touches the floor, then walks back and touches the floor and stops.
a person takes a few steps towards their left while lifting a cell phone to their ear.
a person walks in a straight line then turns right, perpendicular to their original path.
the person is walking around
a man walks forward and turns to the left.
a person standing waves arms once above his head so others can find him.
a person is standing with their left arm slightly outstretched before taking a quick step backwards.
a person moves their left hand that starts in front of their body with their other hand, in a counter counterclockwise circle to the left of their body and when the arm reaches back to the front of the circle the right hand in brought to meet the right hand. this happens again as if the person is throwing a ball with their left hand
the sim is standing, swaying waving both hands the right after the left several times.
person is running on treadmill
a person walks slowly to the left, then right, and stops in the center
a person picks up something on the right and put it on the left.
a person is standing relaxed, then stiffens up and salutes with their left hand before relaxing again.
a person takes two steps forward then spins around on their right foot in the opposite direction and then takes two steps forward again.
a person shuffles in to the right and then to the left
a man slowly leaps forward, turns around and leaps again and then repeats the forward leap.
a person walks forward very slowly.
the man is dribbling with the basketball
a person standing with both arms out moves something.
a person makes a throwing motion with their left arm.
a person holds out their left hand.
someone runs forward quickly, swinging their arms back and forth in front of them.
a person walks, turns around, and then walks back
a man takes a step back, slightly to the left
a man picks something up with both hands and moves it to the side.
a person slowly moved forward in left direction
the body walks forward and slowly twirls backwards to keep walking.
a person walks forward then turns around to the left and returns.
a person hops forward once.
a person walks up some stairs
a person squats to the ground and stands back up.
a person walks forward, turns and sits down, putting their hands on something before getting up and walking back the way they came.
a person walks forward in a squat and then returns to their starting point
a person who is standing with this hands by his sides walks forward and then takes two steps up.
a person is putting on deodorant.
a person takes 5 steps forward.
a person turns to the left then returns to a neutral position.
a person slowly moving his both hands
the arms going up and down in front of the chest while the left and right legs stepping back and forth at the same time.
person does one squat from a standing position
a person initially running and decelerating to a walking pace.
a person takes a step down.
this person stands still then stumbles left.
a man is standing then moves his left hand then claps his hand
a person makes a swirling motion with their hand and then raises left arm to drinking position.
a person puts their right hand on a surface then walks forward.
a person is walking in one place.
a person is having a hearty laugh and makes a jovial motion with their right hand.
a person walks slightly to the left forward
a man walks then looks around and then walks in the direction he was looking back in.
a person performing star jumps
the person is scampering around swinging his arms and legs.
a person walks with their right arm on a railing.
a person uses his arms to maintain balance, takes a step forward and puts his arms back down
a person bends and walks forward, gradually extending their arms as they go.
a person walks forward a few steps
a person turns slowly to the right and walks forward, trips over something and then turns around and limps forward.
talking wide steps confusingly in a half jagged circle, then the right hand goes up towards the face.
swinging left foot forward than right foot
this person lifts and item with both hands and places it down to the left.
the person is on floor crawling.
a standing person raises his hands to his mouth area, as if calling out to someone, then drops the hands back to the waist.
a person walks forward and then paddles the air with their hands.
a person walks at a fast pace forward.
figure runs forward quickly in a diagonal direction.
a man stands without moving for a few seconds, then takes a small side step
a person runs and jumps over an object, turns around and jumps over it again.
the toon is crouched down on one knee, stands up shuffles, raising both hands in front of them while walking to the end of the plane & turning around.
a person grabs a ladder in front of them, then climbs up the ladder, before returning down.
a person stayed on the place while sttreching the back
a person runs to their left and then curves to the right and continues to run then stops.
a person looking to there left then shifting to their right.
a man is standing with feet wide apart and arms out swinging/swaying different motions acting like a monkey.
a person quickly takes 5 steps backwards.
a man walks forward and then stumbles before continuing.
a person is doing jumping jacks, then starts jogging in place.
this person lifts his left arm out front and points.
a person appears to be sitting.
person is making a rule signal for basketball
a person person walks up something.
person walks in a complete counterclockwise circle
he throws something very high
a person leans to the left with arms up shoulder height with bent elbows in front of body.
the person moves their hands as if throwing something.
person quickly runs forward before stopping
a person begins from a standing position, begins to run to their right, turns around almost immediately, runs several steps, turns back around, and returns to their starting position.
a person walks to the front right, grabs something, and then walks back to origin and wipes something.
the person walks forwards slowly using their legs with their arms to their side in a calm manner
a person who seems to be fighting with someone
a man aggressively kicks an object to the left using his rigjt foot.
a person walks backwards then crawls forword.
a man walks around in a circle.
man has hands up to hold a partner as he dances.
a person is standing and lost his balance, almost fell but caught himself
person raises left arm to side and lifts right hand and grabs hands together
a person plays the violin, holding it with their right hand and strumming it with their left hand.
a person walks straight forward and at a medium-slow pace with their arms hanging down the side of their body.
a man walks in a counterclockwise circle an then sits down
steps to the side and does hops while swinging hands in little circles.
someone walks forward four steps rigidly.
a man walks in a wavy line diagonally to his right
a person walks around a chair then sits down then sets something on a table
person is balancing and walking across something thin
a person sat down on the floor, with crossing legs, and after stand up
a person does a jumping jack.
a person walking around making a circle.
the person sits on the ground with their legs crossed then gets back up
a person walks forward and turns, then walks forward again and steps over an object which causes them to stumble and bend forward with their left hand extended.
person paces diagonally two times.
a person walks in a forward motion.
the figure kneels down and begins to crawl on their hands and knees before standing back upleft.
a man walks forward with his hands stiff at his sides.
a person slowly crawls backwards on the ground.
the man is making gestures
a person walks forward at a normal pace.
a person takes a large step forward to the left.
a person sits on a stool,
a person lunges to the right.
a person walks straight forward
person walked over and is the mixing some thing together.
a person walking on stairs up
the person picks something up and uses it, and then returns it.
a person raises their hand to their stomach and then puts it back down.
a person was pushed from their left side and gets back to the original position.
a person walks slowly with a slight sway in each step.
the person is walking in a counterclockwise circle.
a person steps forward, gets shoved to the right, and then walks to the left and stops
a man who is jumping and raising his arms over his head
a man casually stands up tall while waving his left arm, as if beckoning in his direction, while his right hand is rested on the hip.
a person walks forward confidently.
a person moved in left direction and in the right direction
person usesboth hands to carry an object  and hand it to someone next to them
a person goes into a short jog before stopping.
he takes a step forward while turning and cautiously walks up, turns, and carefully walks back down.
a person has their left hand by their face and is gesturing that their head is dizzy.
person opens a cabinet on the ground
the person is balancing facing forward.
a man puts his hands out fully extended and then brings them back toward his body.
a person gets down on hands and knees and crosses the floor, then stands back up.
a person walks forward as if they need support while using his right hand to help walk.
person standing bends forward slightly to left to pick something up with both hands and moves item slightly to the right
a person walks in a curve to the left.
a person playfully walks forwards, hopping slightly with each step.
a person sits down and then gets back up
a man lies on his stomach with arms and legs spread, and then looks both ways.
the person is on the ground and decides to get up
a person runs in a straight line.
a person reaching over an item with his left arm which is a glass and drinking it, then he returns the glass on the table and turns around to his original position.
a person standing up uses both hands to pick something up below their waist to the right, then they use their right hand and apply something to their left bicep.
a person leans forward then hops back trying to catch something
the person is applauding someone.
the figure braces what looks like it could be a ball up towards their right side with both hands before throwing it and catching another object at chest level.
a person is scrubbing something with his left hand, right hand sets it down, he walks out and picks up something with his left hand and moves backward.
a man walks forward, turns around and walks back.
the person jumped and did a twist and landed on their feet.
the person is walking back and forth.
person standing to the side and checking his or her watch.
person walks to the right then turns around and walks to the left before turning around and returning to starting position
a person quickly walks forward.
kicking foot with arms towards chest.
a person boxing has block right to left
a person shuffles 2 steps to the right, 3 steps to the left and 1 step back to center.
a person walks on unlevel ground.
a person does basketball gesture for timeout.
a person does karate by striking with their hands and kicking their legs.
person is walking forward and stumbles, then catches himself before falling
dancing randomly like an indian traditional dance and mix of western culture
a person takes 3 steps forward then turns around and runs.
someone picks something up off the ground to look at it, then drops it and walks away to the right.
the person look like he was scratching himself like a monkey.
the person pick something up from the right and moved it to the left.
user does a slight jog on a diagonal path
a man has his arms up to his chest as if to do a pushing motion and moves his shoulders back and forward to stretch out his chest and wiggles arms down to their position.
person takes five steps down steps from a height to ground level
man is warming up right arm
a man takes a lumbering jog forward.
a person gets up and turns counter counterclockwise and walks away
a person eats with right hand.
figure is sitting on an object, with right arm at head level. figure puts right arm down and proceeds to rise to a standing position. figure then sits back down on object, placing both hands on on legs.
the person places his right hand on a seat and sits down.
the man is doing jumping jacks
a person is walking forwards in a straight line.
person puts left hnad to knee and then repeats with right hand to face height
a person calls out for someone
a person runs straight forward
a person does two full-bend deep-knee squat jumps.
a person walks forward in a normal fashion
a person walks forward, bends down to pick something up off the ground, and walks left to place the object down in a different location.
person has both arms above head before throwing them down and turning to the left
beginning with the left foot, a person takes six steps forward and stops.
a person stands while eating with his left and drinking with his right hand
the person sits on the floor with their hands near their face.
moving arms around near chest.
a person crouches down and moves on their hands and feet like an animal.
figure walks forward 3 steps with arms straight in front of him
someone just caught a baseball
a man turns and walks back before turning around and walking again.
a figure walks forward then turns on their heel to walk back where they came from
a person is walking backwards.
a person walks to the left, then to the right, then back to the left finishing in the center.
stick figure walks forward in a straight line
someone does exercises by raising both arms
a person dramatically raises their hands up before swatting something with their left hand.
a person slowly walks forward and then up a flight of stairs
this person puts his left hand to his head.
a person slaps something with their left arm, raises their right arm onto something, and slaps something with their left arm again.
a person casually walks abruptly steps right and then recovers to a straight walk.
a person is grabbing something on top of a waist high surface and is placing the item across from where it was on a higher shelf.
a person walks down steps.
the person is making a swimming motion with it's left arm.
a person reaches down with the right arm. the person then reaches out with left arm and begins a scratching, rotating motion.
man standing forward with left arm reaching forward.
personal will forward pick something up and sat it on something.
a man bends and moves his left leg while holding it.
a person is throwing something with his left hand.
a person walks around with his arm to his side.
a person walks forward in a clumsy way
a person runs forward while stumbling.
a figure training for side to side speed, quite effectively.
a person takes three steps backwards at a normal pace
the man takes a sideways step to the right.
a person throws something then moves forward
a person jumps in place once.
a person stepping over something
a standing person is using both their right and left foot to do a slow jog in place
the person took a small jump forward.
a person stretches their left arm upwards, then their right arm.
a person takes two steps forward, spins around counterclockwise in the opposite direction, and takes two steps back.
a person bends their arms up and stretches, rotating side to side a few different ways, then bending down and back up.
a man raises both their arm and walks forward.
a person walks from the top left to the bottom right of the screen pivots on their right foot and goes back to where they started.
the man exercises his arms by waving them inward then outward.
gets down on his knees and stays there
a person bounces while walking forward, stops, holding something in his left hand lifts it up to his face and then lowers it
a person is holding something in their right hand, touches it with their left hand, and lifts their right hand to their face.
the person is throwing a baseball.
a stick figure walks from upper right to lower left
person walks forward and to the right
a man is holding a weight bar above his head with both hands and proceeds to do 3 squats by bending his knees into a squatting position.
a person plays the guitar with their right hand and holds it with their left hand.
a person sits in a chair, turns to their left, then stands up.
the man is moving his arms
a man sits down, adjusts himself, then lifts his arms and rubs his belly.
person shuffles slowly forward. and then he holds out his hands sideways to the side as if celebrating
person is walking backwards.
a person cleaning their left arm
a person bending over with knees bent moving side to side.
someone acting like a bird
a person picks up an object and rubs it on something on the left.
a man walks backwards then punches and then kicks.
the man does a salsa dance all around the floor.
a person starts by standing upleft, then gets down on their hands and knees and begin to crawl to the left, then turn around and begin to stand up.
a person walks turning to the left and walks forward.
the person is lifting something up.
a person is moving their hands around
person does squat thrusts three times with legs going outwards and arms going above head
a person grabbed something with left and right hand, and did something
a person bends over and picks things up with both hands individually, then walks forward.
a person bends his knees and jumps up and down.
this person with legs bent at the knee lowers his arms then raises them again.
he displaces the tilt next to him
a person walks in a circle clockwise and returns to their original position.
a person raises his hands above his head.
the person is banging his head on something.
a person walks down some stairs.
a person walks up some stairs and stops at the top.
a person walks slowly to the left and stops facing away.
the man throws a big left handed punch in the air.
a person walks forward with each arm extended at their sides as if they are trying to balance themselves.
a person throws an object with their left hand
a person kicks with their left leg then with their right leg.
a person run towards the right side.
a person steps forward then reaches down for something with his left hand.
person stands and folds arms in front of their body
a person lifts something with their left arm.
person is walking straight backwards.
a person turns to their right, grabs a glass and takes a drink, then puts the glass back
a person does a funky line dance and then exits to their right.
the person is doing the military crawl backwards.
a person does multiple jumping jacks.
the person takes side steps to his left then side steps to his right.
walking while swinging both arms from right to left
a person walks in a straight line, almost as if they are walking on a treadmill.
a person is waving his hands in front of him.
the person is jogging in place and then jogs to the left then to the right in a circular motion
a figure jogs forward then halts
a person walking forward stumbles briefly.
a person is walking and then makes a sharp turn left.
a person stepping in zig-zag like motion and hopping away while alternating legs
a person walks forward, turns around and sits on a chair.
a man bends at the knees in a squatting motion while holding a bar over his shoulders with both hands
a person appears to be typing on a keyboard, reaching out with his right hand to the left side, then normal typing then reaching to right side with his right hand
person is doing jumping jacks
a person turns, walks backwards, then turns and walks backwards
a man walks forward, stumbles to the right, and then regains his balance and keeps walking forwards.
a person walks backwards slowly.
a person tilts object on its side.
moving arms up and down.
stepping to the side then back.
the toon is walking across the plane at a diagonal pattern, reaching the end of the plane & turning around.
walking forward and then sitting with arms out.
a person jogs in place.
a person stretches legs then arms then runs forward.
a person raises their left hand up and back down.
a person gets on all fours then to their knees.
a person dances the cha cha cha.
a man with outstretched arms drops them to his side, then brings his hands up to chest height, then extends his hands out and back in two times.
this person appears to be painting.
person walks forward and turns right to walk back to starting point.
a person lifts his left leg around in the air.
a man jogs forward on a slanted line.
the person is putting both arms up and waves his arms.
walking towards camera hips swinging lazily.
a figure raises his arms in a pumping motion. almost as if he were lifting weights.
a person walks forward very carefully in a straight line.
a person takes a jog forward
a person starts to walk backwards.
a person is walking very slow in forward direction.
a person walks up and starts dancing freestyle.
a person pushes their hand forward and then lowers it.
the man is kicking with his left hand
a person is warming up
person walks in a s-shape before coming to a stop
a man alternates lifting his left and right arms above his head.
a person walks forward holding their arms in front of them.
a figure does light squats while holding an overhead bar
the person is flying like a airplane.
the person gets on their knees and crawls on the ground
the person looks to pick up an object, moves it over to the right as if to show it then moves it to the left as if to put an object up.
the person is doing jumping jacks.
a person wiping a surface with something
a person quickly hops from one foot to the other, then quickly makes a clockwise circle with their left forearm, and then makes a jump shot like in basketball.
a person slkwly climbs three steps of an invisible ladder.
the person holds his left foot with his left hand. puts his right foot up and left hand up too
the body shifts weight from left foot to right partially unbalanced looking back.
a man hold his right arm with his left hand.
he walks forward then picks up a box
a person with hands together does a low kick.
a person puts their hands to their armpits and wiggles their elbows
a person put something above them like on a shelf, shrugs, then does a shoveling motion
a man jumps and brings both arms above his head as he spread his legs and then moves them back into the original position.
the man takes backwards steps starting with his left foot.
the man is moving his legs and hands
the person is backing up standing.
the person is waving at something.
a person walks in a counter counterclockwise motion, taking long steps.
the man takes 2 steps forward , swings around and walks back.
moving the hands slowly like dancing.
a person lifts both arms and moves hands in and out.
a person waves their left hand in the air
a man stands still while slightly swinging his arms back and forth.
a person walks forward, shuffles to the left, the walks to the right.
the person practices karate moves
the person is lifting weights weights  with his left arm.
person moves by twitching both arms in a robotic way
a man lifts his arms and then puts them back down at his sides.
person walks forward and slightly to the right
walking to the right and left.
a person does a rhythmic shuffle back and forth
walking in a random pattern.
a person steps forward and turns left, then shuffles around awkwardly.
a person sits down in a chair of sorts and then gets back up
a person shrugs their shoulders and wiggles their arms.
the person stretches their arms forward
the person is walking forward slowly.
the person backed up and is walking diagonally.
a person walks straight backwards.
a persons quickly raises their left arm like they are looking at their watch, then puts it back down again.
this person walks briskly to the left then the right to the left again and the right.
person stands still and lifts left hand to face and mouth area
a man stretches his arms to his sides, and then lifts his left arm up and holds it there.
a person does jumping jacks.
a person doing 4 knee lifts to opposite elbow touches, then shakes it off.
a person waves their left hand and then slightly bends down to the left and takes a few steps forward.
a figure falls backwards slightly in a straight line
a person slowly walked forward
a person raises their hands and then swings then down and swings their left hand around in a angry fashion
a person walks straight forward, turns, then runs back
a person flailing their arms an legs as if swiming
person person is running his hand up a pole.
someone's using both arms to gesticulate to these rhymes, im a little teapot, "pick me over and pour me out"
a man is crouching and moves his left arm slowly up and down
a person walks forward for several steps
a man crawls in a circle in a counter counterclockwise direction, stands and turns to his left.
a person places both hands on the arms of a chair, scoots body forward, and then leans forward and stands up placing both feet together in the end.
the man is looking at his watch on his left wrist
a man is seated and picks up an object with his right hand.
a person walks up a few steps then stops
a person walks forward and picks something up
a person is seen to be ducking out the way
a man raises his left arm into the air and makes a throwing motion.
a person takes two large steps, turns left, and then walks back and fourth in a wide "s" shape.
a person facing forward bows then turns to his left and bows again.
a person bows forward, brings his hands center, and with his left hand makes a swiping motion to the left.
aman steps up on a platform then steps back down again.
the person kicked something quickly.
a person is squat down slowly raising his right arm up, then fully raising up towards his head.
a man walks forward slowly.
a man walks forward, turns and walks back.
a person put his left hand on someone's shoulder
the person is standing still.
a person turns counter counterclockwise in a circle.
a person is sitting on a stool, with their right leg up, then they readjust their position and swap legs.
person moves right leg forward then kicks out left leg once then kicks left leg out to side
a person walks forward with both arms in front.
a person turns to the right to pick something up and walk forward to place it down
someone who is waiving to a person
stumbling backs a few steps, turned around taking more steps.
someone put their arms on their chest, put one hand on their hip and put the other end out like a teapot, and then moved head around in a circle.
person lifting imaginary dumbbell with their left hand.
the man take 9 slow steps forward.
a person raises their arm and takes a small step forward
a person jumps while moving their legs in and out while also moving their arms up and down
a person holds both hands near their face while tilting their head backward slightly.
a person is throwing an object with his left hand.
a person shakes an item with his left hand
a person boxes someone with their right hand rapidly.
a person walks in a counterclockwise motion.
a person walks forward continuously at a slow pace
a person walks slightly to the side, then walks back in a slightly exaggerated manner.
a person walks out, turns, walks back and bends and picks up something, turns and walks out again holding up something, turns and stops.
a person raises both arms to a t-shape then lets both arms relax. the person then kneels down using their right hand for support.
a person runs forward in a line.
a person reaching/ bending down to grab/ wet object with left hand, rubbing/ cleaning motion with left hand.
person stretches arms above head while standing
a person starts with the right arm above their head, looking at their hand, then lifts the left shoulder and looks at it, then lifts the right hand and left hand above their head and looks back and forth between them.
a person pushes himself to make a jump
the figure starts in a squatting position, and waves with its left (our right) hand and then moves it in a circular motion, before lifting both arms into a defensive stance, and then dropping them back down in a resting on knees position and remains there for the rest of the video.
a person rotates hands in front of body, then rotates them with arms outstretched from sides, rotates left leg up, to the side and down, and raises right leg.
the person is climbing stairs while holding onto the railing
the person was walking backwards whistling.
a person/ animal comes to a stop. bends over onto all fours and crawls for a bit. stand back up and runs off.
person picks something up and walks with it over head in a circular motion
a person reaches their left hand straight out to the left, then directly out in front of them.
a stick figure does a cartwheel and turns clockwise and does another cartwheel.
a person is squatting down.
a person jumps to a spread eagle position, then jumps to a feet together and hands above their head position.
a person does multiple basketball signals.
a person sitting on the ground appeas to be throwing something left handed and stands up throwing something motion
a person reaches over picks something up with right hand abd walks away.
he move forward and grab something with left hand and then walk to his right. now grab something with his left hand and joining the both objects.
a man waves with his left hand.
a man walks diagonally to his far right before turning backwards, then walks straight backwards before turning to his right.
a person standing lifting arms up
person swings their left arm in two circles before throwing an object from their left hand
a person slowly looks around themselves from left to right.
a man stands and folds his arms.
the person sits down in multiple chairs then stands up
a person is dancing with another person
a person takes four small steps, jumps up and then takes three more steps.
a person dances in the style of a ballerina.
a person walks forward but it pushed to the right and recovers.
a man stands with his arms outstretched at the shoulders then uses both arms to diagonal across his body, meeting the hands in the center, then returning back to a standing position with arms outstretched at the shoulders.
a person stands still and does nothing.
the person bend over and pick something up.
a person walking turns slightly to the right and slows down to turn back
a man moves his left arm around in a counterclockwise circle a few times. his palm is facing down as though he is stirring something.
this person stands on one leg then on two legs stretches to the left.
a person puts their hands up while walking and then puts them down.
a person jumps sideways to the right.
from a squat a person stands up, jogs slowly in place, then faster, stops , backs up and squats again.
the person walks forward, turns around and gets on all fours to crawl back.
a person walks while holding the hand rail
the person is jiggling on their toes with their hands up
the person is walking briskly forward.
a person catches something and throws it with his hands.
a man holds his arms out in front of him in a shrugging gesture, then brings his arms down to his side, before lifting his left hand to head height and waves.
this person walks forward then bends to the right and suddenly steps back.
person is pulling a book from the shelf.
a person casually walking forward
a person streaches back and forth with hands raised then touches their toes
the person stretches their left arm above their head.
a person gets on all fours and starts crawling.
a man walks and angled path forward towards his right.
a person gets on all fours and crawls forward, then turns around and crawls back.
a person moves his left arm outward, whilst his other arm is near their hip. the person then makes a shovelling movement with both their hands.
a person with their hands raised slightly moves it up and down, then sets it all the way down.
person holding their left bicep with their right hand swaying and stumbling from side to side.
a person sitting down, raises their left hand up and down very slightly.
a person is sitting with their hands together, touches both knees, and then just the left.
the person backed up to do a handstand.
a person has their right hand raised, waves their hand, raises both hands, and finally waves both hands.
a person walks around the room.
a man lifts something up with both hands, moves it over to something to his left, then puts it back down in its original position.
someone gingerly steps over several gaps in the floor.
a person swings their left arm in a backhand motion and then swings it forward in an uppercut motion.
a person jogs in a counterclockwise motion and falls to their knees, he then gets back up onto his feet and walks to the left in a crooked line.
a person slowly walked in left direction while shaking the hands
sits down on the ground with legs crisscrossed then gets back up again.
a person's elbows are slightly bent, hands in front of the body and are moving back and forth along a steady plane.
a person stomps with their right leg
a person walks in a circle counterclockwise.
a person waved hands and then shaking while talking to the audience
a person paces back and forth walking in straight lines, he turns back and forth multiple times.
a person does 3 jumping jacks with their wrists loose.
a person walks downwards in a straight line and stops in a slightly brisk manner.
someone strains to raise and lower a dumbell in their right hand.
a person turns with their arms to stretch.
someone settles to sit on something, their left foot propped up and right foot on the floor, then stands up again.
a man stands cradling something in his arms rocking it back and forth, brings it up to his face, and then begins rocking it again.
a person waves with their left hand.
a person scratches their head with their left hand.
a person broadly gestures "no" or "stop" with both arms, and brushes off their right leg and shoulder before tapping the air.
a person piking up the phone
person moves backwards, sits down, then stands back up.
the figure has their legs apart and appears to be in a sort of fighting stance with their top half leaning back as the arms are up with fists closed as they imitate a dodge.
the person is walking forwards.
person crouches down then does two jumps
a person walks forward and stops.
person looks like they're doing a boxing move without throwing any punches
the person does 2 jumping jacks in place.
the person defends themself from the punch
the person walks towards the viewer before veering off to the visual left and stopping, as if looking out a window.
the man makes a left turn
person person is posing with his hands on his knees.
a person steps forward with left leg and then walks backwards.
the man is moving forward
a person reaches forwards with their left hand then does a rowing motion with both hands.
person lifts hands above head and stretches from side to side
a person pushes an object upwards two times with both of their hands above their head.
walking forward and then stopping.
a person walks counterclockwise slowly.
person standing still while stirring counterclockwise with left hand
a person puts their hands out forward, down on their hips, down, crossed, and then down.
a man raises his right arm in the air and move it around.
a person walks towards the left side.
a person walks forward then slightly back then forward agin
a person raises their arms out to their sides, lowers them back down and then leading with their right arm and leg, gets down on their hands and knees before raising up and standing on their knees
a man raises his left arm and holds it across his chest.
a person standing completely still.
person walks in a circle counter counterclockwise while facing the same way the whole time
a person bounces quickly between their feet and moves their arms in time with their feet.
a person raises both right and left hands above their head and waves them back and forth.
waving arms side to side.
a person whith their hand raised, raises it higher.
person is praying while standing up
swinging hands up and down.
a person throw something wth both hands
a person gets on their hands and knees and crawls forwards, then stands.
a person stands and touches their right hand with theor left hand.
a man keeps his legs still as he flexes both arms in front of him several times.
a person does jumping jacks, and then runs forward.
a person runs forward and stops.
a person puts a hand to their ear to indicate they cannot hear.
person hopping on both feet.
a person has a spasm on the spot.
a person doign squats, then runs in place and stops.
the person  picked his right leg up and rubbed it and then put it back down.
a man takes a couple steps forward, staggers suddenly to his right, then resumes walking back to the course he was originally on.
a person slightly sways to the right then left.
a person steps sideways to the left and then sideways to the right.
a person puts his hands together and sits down.
the person performs star jumps
kicking foot forward while standing still.
a person making a jumping straight up with their elbows bent up.
a person is picking something up and moving it from one location to another.
a person rotates their hands in opposing circles.
a person checks their watch on the right wrist.
a person hits his drums.
a man reaches forward, pulls back a lever with his left hand, and then he shuts a door with his right hand.
a man holds his arms up and then bends over to touch his toes with both hands, raises back up, and then lifts his arms and rotates his torso several times, then leans to both sides once.
person starts of standing still then begins to move their arms and legs in a motion that indicates jogging forward.
a person waves their right hand out in front of their chest.
a man walking around in a counterclockwise circle with his left arm hovering over his left shoulder as he walks.
a person wiggles their hips back and forth, shaking their butt.
man walk in opposite direction and turns around.
a person is walking upstairs in a straight line.
right hand on the hip while the left hand is swung back and forth while walking around.
person is making a pose
a person looks to the right then kicks something with their left foot
a man walks forward and then stops.
a person puts his arms out to his side and spins in circles
a person slowly walked forward
a person is pacing side to side
a person walks with a limp, their right leg injured.
a person slowly thrusts left arm forward and then right arm forward as if throwing a slow punch or exercise motion.
this person walks forward then stops.
a person jogging in circles in a counterclockwise trajectory
walks in the counterclockwise circle at a average pace
a man stands and moves his arms as though he were swimming, first in the front crawl position and then in the breaststroke position.
a person leans on something in front of them, then waves with each hand.
a figure walks forward slowly
a person crosses his arms, uncrosses his arms, and crosses his arms again while sitting.
a person takes a small step backwards.
a person bouncing around while throwing jabs and upper cuts.
a person  is standing there.
a person lifts their arms up and down multiple times.
a person stands normally then begins hops on their right foot while their left foot is elevated then stops and stands normally.
a person uses their arms and legs to jump as high as they can in-position.
a person picks something up with his left hand and lifts it to his face, holding something in his right hand he lifts it to his face.
a man rises from the ground, walks in a circle and sits back down on the ground.
the person is jumping in place.
a person hops on one leg at a time with a lot of energy.
a person takes five slow steps forward.
a person takes one step forward with both feet.
a person sits down on a stool.
a person shouting for something
a man with outstretched arms drops them to his side, then start walking and places his left hand on top of two objects as he walks by.
a person walks around in a meandering fashion seemingly aimless.
a person walking and consistently bending over
a person side steps to the right
a person picks up something on his left and sets it down on his right.
that person is jogging forward.
person takes a few steps backward, and then winds arm back to run forward and throw something and then walk backward a few steps
a person takes a step to the left and then slides his right foot that way.
an elderly person is walking slowly
someone jumping over a puddle
a man gets on his hands and knees and crawls forward.
a person looks to be pushed back and then walks back towards the thing that pushed them.
a person walks in a diagonal line leaning toward the right.
a person raised the both hand and made some jesture
a person is being a mime
a person makes several tossing motions with their right hand.
a person casually takes a few steps forward before stopping.
person does lunges to right side with arms out in front.
walking in a diagonal line then back.
a person bends at the waist and seems to pick up something with their left hand, then walks forward and places it on something in front of them, then walks back.
a person walks around in a counterclockwise circle, holding their head with their left hand.
robot start walking to his right and then start running from left to right and stopped at center.
person is doing boxing exercises
a man walks to the right side and stands.
a person with his left arm is ordering something, then pick something up from the ground
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle
a person bent the body, and made swing with hands
a person walks in a counterclockwise direction and grabs something with his right hand while walking
a person pitches a baseball with his left hand after a full windup.
person walks forward, then leans forward and places both hands on his right knee.
a person hunches forward in a position that would suggest aggression.  the person rocks back and forth and steps forward and backward with each leg.
a person stretches both their arms forward, back, then to the right.
a person is performing a left to right jogging move.
a person jumps, kicks in the air, and then proceeds to dance and strikes a pose.
a person who came to a halt from running; started running again
a person touches his head with his left hand.
a person raised the right hand,
a person start to jump while grabbed something
the sim appears to use their left hand to secure the right one then checking their watch.
a person who is standing with this hands by his sides takes two steps forward, trips, recovers and continues to walk.
a person is clapping & performing a dance.
a person is balancing on his left foot, touch down once with his right foot, then resumes balancing.
a person crosses his arms.
a person starting in a left forward lunge makes a motion as if to lift something, turns to the left then puts the object down.
the toon is standing at an angle, appearing to be swinging a baseball bat & tossing back the ball.
a person turns around (toward their right) and then flings their arms up a few times.
the person is walking and turning right.
a person that puts their hands together and starts rubbing something on their head
he walks straddling something, then clumsily walks around another object.
person rolls his arms are boxing, then lift arms like celebrating, and push off to sides
a person paces backand forth with their left hand up at stomach level.
a person raised the hands and made something
a man walks forward swinging his right foot outward, then kicking his left foot back and continuing to walk.
a person walks to the right with ease.
the figure turns and proceeds to bunny hop across the grey space.
a person walks a few steps forward before bending slightly and wiping an invisible surface.
the person is scratching under his arms.
a person stands on his right leg and kicks with his left
swinging arms up and down.
a person raises their left hand and waves.
a man switches his standing position towards the right and then towards the left.
person appears to walk in a circle counterclockwise.
a person takes some steps forward.
this person waves forward with his left hand.
a person walks in a figure-eight pattern
a person walks forward the turns around.
person slowly gets up from the floor
the person has its arms out while moving in a circle with its legs.
person walks forward using right handrail
person walks to their left then right then slightly left and stands still
with his hands down by his sides, the man sways his hips and is walking slightly of to one side.
a person moves his left hand like pendulum then brings his hands up
a person strafes one step to the left, our right.
raising hand towards head.
a person who is running, stops, bends over and looks down while taking small steps, then resumes running.
a person holds their hands up toward their chest as if begging.
a person slowly walks in a counterclockwise circle.
a person takes two steps forward leading with their right foot rotates on their left foot 180 degrees and takes two steps back.
a person walks in a wide winding path, creating large semicircular loops.
person appears to be dancing with another person while his left hand is on the person's back and their left hand is extended appears to be holding their parnter's extended hand
figure is leaning back and forth rubbing hands together
a person jogs in place.
a person aproaches and then opens something
a person walks forward, swaying their hips.
a man paws at the air with both hands in vigorous vertical patting motions.
a person rotating both arms and shaking off his/her legs
a person scratches their head.
person is jumping around like he was in an accident.
walking in a right arc by 45 degrees
a person walks straight, picks up a cup, puts it down, and then steps back in surprise.
a person is forward in a motion that is turning them right.
a person gets on the floor with its knees.
the person steps forward and claps.
while both arms face outwards, a person moves the hands towards the cheeks of the face. while hands are on the face, the person moves face from side to side.
a person runs forward then abruptly turns to the right and continues running
a man walks forward and then trips towards the left.
a figure walks forward then kneels down and raises their chest
a person slowly walked forward and kicked with right leg
he walked to the right while keeping his center of gravity very low.
a person who first performed a 90 degree counterclockwise jumping spin the a 180 degree spin and then a 360 spin
a person walks forward and makes a waving motion with his left arm before walking off to his left.
person bending down and making odd circular movements
a person walks on all fours.
excerisizing. with stretches and leans forward
the person is acting like a horse.
person turns and jogs to their left, then turns around and proceeds to jog all the way to their right, and continues to repeat this motion.
a person is walking forward then takes a big step over something with their left foot
a person leans left with both feet planted, gathers items, gathers items from their right, then centers before bringing their left hand to their face.
a person carefully taking steps into or around something.
a person puts both of their arms and hands in front of their face and rotates slightly to the right and left.
a person appears to be eating something holding it in their left hand
person jogging forward at medium pace
a figure lifts something then either pours or places it on a nearby shelf to the left
the person is walking in a counter counterclockwise circle.
a person pretends to be a dinosaur
a person walks forward few steps and runs the remaining steps
a person walks forward, stumbles backwards, then walks forward again
right hand pull from stomach area up and over the head to their right
the person took a sideways step and did a piroiette.
person raises left arm as if throwing something light into the air. they then return to center and picks up an item with both hands, brings it up to the left war and then back down and across to the right side of the waist. arms then reset to center and hang by waist, then proceed to pick up an item on the left and turn to the right to put down
a person stumbles to their right, turns around to look behind them while walking with a limp in their left leg and stumbling to their left.
climbs a step up and walks to climb a step down.
a person gets down on all fours and starting crawling around.
person bends down forward and picks up something large with both hands
a person is acting like a dog with their hands up at chest level and hopping around.
a person slowly walks forward five steps.
a person hops in place twice, looks down at his feet, and repositions his feet, as if to steady himself.
this person while standing still lifts his right arm as if to check the time on his watch.
a person takes a huge leap forward.
a man takes his both hands and puts it on his hips and jumps up and down
a person runs forward fast.
a man begins with his arms by his side.  he then picks up something with both hands on the left side of his body and then moves it to the right side of his body.
a person walking diagnolly back and forth while gesturing with their hand
walking in a random pattern.
the person was push and manage to stand up.
a person sits down and then gets up and goes back to the same place
someone sits down crossed legged then stands back up.
the runner starts his course and then stops.
i see someone seated and turning an imaginary steering wheel
a person makes and drinks a cup of coffee.
a person gets a running head start and vaults over a wall, then turns and vaults back over the wall the other direction.
a person raised the noth hand and pull it down
a person walking forward did a 180 degree turn on right foot  and walked in the opposite direction.
a person walks and sits on something.
a person walks forward turns to the left and walks back.
the person is throwing a ball with his left hand.
a person is jumping up repeatedly.
going upward link on the step and after wards get downward on the step.
person starts out standing then leans to the left and stomps his right foot.
the person is dancing rumba.
the person claps their hands briefly and then returns to neutral position.
the figure is straddling the emerging wavy line while walking expeditiously forward.
man swivels right to left with right hand up towards the face.
person is jumping on the spot with their arms on their side
a person throwing both hands
the right arm is tucked in as the right legs kicks back and forth and to the right side.
a person stands still not moving legs while moving both arms around, at different ranges above his head.
a man claps his hands together serveral times, then lowers his hands back down to his sides.
stretching while standing still.
a person walks in a counterclockwise direction and sits down.
a person walks forward toward something then turns towards the left and walks back.
the person standing on the left side walking crisscross to the right four times and step and walk crisscross twice towards the left then stop in the middle.
a man leans forward and touches the ground with his left arm.
the person drop some thing on the left foot.
person takes a step back and then jumps up and walks forwards
a man performs a squat and raises both arms forward.
a man sits completely still.
a man flaps his arms like a chicken then leans forward to the left and swings his body to the right
a man trips and moves forward.
a person walks in a clockwise circle.
a person does a range of motion with hands and arms.
the man steps in something then thinks about it.
a man is locking his hands behind his back and sweeping his legs right and left, in a dance like motion.
a oersib grabs something from the left, waves it to the right and places it back
the person is walking like they are tired.
walking side to side.
the man walks forward then turns and returns back
a person picks up something on their right and moves it to their left.
a man holds something in both hands and then uses his right hand to bring it up towards his face.
a person raises their left hand to their face, standing exhausted.
a person squats and eats with his right hand.
a person makes a left turn and after about 5 steps does a u-turn.
a man crouches down as he walks forward and kicks with his left leg.
a person claps their hands together a couple times while maintaining a wide stance
person casually walks in forward motion
the person climbs on a ladder and picks up something from a shelf
a person is standing and looks like he is lifting a dumbell above his head. both his arms arm moving up and down.
a person takes a sudden step back.
a person squats then jumps up with both arms raised twice
person walks from left to right then drags left leg moving forward three paces holding right arm with left hand on elbow then stops raising right arm above head
man tippy-toeing (hopping but not leaving the ground) with both feet
a person jumps in the air and smacks their hands together
a person's body leans to the left while simultaneously, both arms are raised above the head leaning left.
a person is playing the violin.
walking backwards while bending down.
a person balancing with their right leg.
a person walks in a diagonal line from the left to the right side.
someone picks something up with their right arm and wipes it down with their left arm.
a man ducks backwards towards his right, then ducks forward towards his left, he then stands up straight and walks backwards towards his right.
a person claps their hands together in front of them.
a person stumbles forward, then stumbles backwards, startling with a jolt and taking a few uneven sideways steps.
a person walking forward, that struggled to maintain a balance.
a person walks up a few steps, turns around at the top, and then walks back down the steps
the person is walking forward but he can’t bend his legs.
a person jogs around a small area.
rotating his/her body right and left
a person walks forward at a medium pace.
a person walks forward, then turns and jogs back.
a person angrily and quickly walks then abruptly stops with force.
a person spins and kicks with its right leg.
this person briskly walks in circles twice.
a person walks in a clockwise circle, and then lays down on the grownd.
a person dancing and clapping his hands over his head
a person steps to the left and then back to the right horizontally.
a person puts their hands together and kicks their left foot.
a person walks around in a circle.
jumping forward one time slowly.
walking forward and moving hand forward.
a person walks backward and runs forward then walks backward again.
a person steps sneakily back and forward.
spinning hands in a circle near chest.
a person takes a few steps and shrugs their shoulder in a confused fashion
a man steps forward, then leans on something with his right arm as he lifts his left leg behind him, holding it with his left arm as he inspects something, before lowering his leg and stepping backwards.
a person is stomping around
a person with their arms out from their sides, walks to the right trying to balance.
a person leans forward slightly and walks cautiously on the balls of their feet.
this person has both hands on hips a looks all around.
a person walks forward and turns to the left.
a person walks to the left with a limp, then turns around and sprints back to where he started
a person grapevines to the right, turns, and then steps back to their starting position.
person runs forward and side steps right once
person is wiping table with right hand
a man standing on a platform moves few steps back in a slow speed and with his left hand first throws something forward, after that he takes a few steps back and with his left hand at a lower level throws something at a high velocity than the previous. after that he takes a step back and stops.
a person lifts their hand to their faces and tilts their head back as if drinking
a person makes sideways steps to the right, and then to the left.
a person appears to be going down a hill with left arm holding onto a wall or person
person raises arms forward, brings them out to the side, bends the elbows in, brings the arms back down, and then brings them out to the side again
a boxer throws a right uppercut.
a person standing in one position uses their left arm to pick up one object and place it in a cart two times.
a person is running forwards
person squats down and scratches their head with their left hand
a person in dancing mode, moving both left and right hands in the air, moving both left and right right while still dancing.
the man waves steps back and swats at something then steps forward again.
a man walks forward, picks something up with his left arm, and holds it as he steps back to his starting position, turns around, walks back, and sets it down before starting to turn.
a person walks down the stairs briskly.
a man jumps up and down.
the person jumps forward and swings their arms
the man looks around on the ground for something.
a person put their hands on their hips and walks to the right and then turn to face the opposite way, dropping his hands from his hips
a person bends slightly downward and grips onto their left thigh with their right hand. then begins rubbing the thigh with their left hand.
he moves around  then stops
the person reseals the package
a person leans back as if to throw a ball, lifting his right leg in the process.
a person throws an object against a wall with their left hand, and catches its rebound with both hands.
a man lifts his left leg using both hands, and stretches it out by kicking into the air and turning it to the side several times.
stickman's left hand waving five times with full motion from elbow to hand extensions.
a person runs in a clockwise circle.
a person lifts a weight with left hand.
a person is casually walking straight and then pivots to their right.
a person sitting and twirling on his chair while on the phone with his right hand.
a person is walking and moving right arm.
a person is running in place at a medium pace.
a man is mixing something infront of his body and seems to pick it up with his left hand and then proceed to mix it back. then picks it up with his right hand while standing still
a person is walking and using their right hand to support themselves by using a wall.
a person wiggles in a seat, pauses, and then stands up and walks forward.
a person picks up something to their right with their left hand, then something to their left with their right hand and bangs the two objects together, finally putting the items back.
the left hand is placed on the hip while the right arm is bending back and forth.
a man turns to the right puts something down and then turns forward and slowly picks something up.
walks toward camera, makes u-turn, walks away from camera, then squats facing away from camera
a man picks up and object with his left hand then puts it down and wipes a surface with his left hand.
the person is pretending they are a dog.
figure looks around then backs up
he walks forward and then turns around fast and walks back
standing in place with arms on legs.
person walks forward a few steps, stagers to the left then  walks forward and ends up inline with the right side.
a man waves with both hands, puts them to the side, then claps.
this person jogs forward then stops.
the figure is making moving its arms like its a monster trying to scare someone.
a person picks up an object from his right side and puts it to his left side.
a person walks forward with right foot stepping higher than left foot. a person turns left walks fast to the left. a person walks backward with left/left foot fast with left foot stepping higher than right foot.
person is being still and leaning slightly to their right
a person appears to be moving backwards in a circle.
a person walking in a circle.
the person is acting like a cat.
a person side steps to their right, before side stepping to their left
a person slowly walks around in a counterclockwise circle.
man walks forward with his shoulders wide, turns clockwise to 105 degrees walks forward, after which he turns around and walks back while leaning forward
a standing person waves, walks in a half circle before waving again.
a person walks in a circle hunched over limping on their left leg.
the young boy quickly stands up and runs rapidly forward towards the door.
a person walking in a fast pace
a person plays violin with their right hand.
a man holds out his left hand and with his right hand moves rapidly up and down in front of the body.
a person claps their hands above their head.
a person stands still and steadies themselves
a figure seems to look upward and to use their hand to help them look at or read something eye level or higher
person uses left side of their body to give them momentum to turn 180 degrees clockwise. appears to be energetic
a person walks with elbows bent, chest out and lifts phone up to their ear with right hand.
a person steps forward and puts their hand up near their face.
a person punching with his right hand.
a person slightly reaches down to their right and picks up something with both hands, then places it back down again slightly to the left.
person is running back and forth.
facing front, a person makes the throwing motion with their left arm.
a person standing flat on the ground bends their knees and their throws their arms up to chest level to make a small jump twice.
a person seems to be hitting an object with their left foot
first a person takes two steps forward, then turns to the left and takes two steps. then, the person pauses. then, the person takes a few more steps and turns to the right.
a person taking turns moving each hand up and down, while taking pivoting steps.
someone slightly moves their right hand in front of them, turning it over before putting it by their side.
a person who seems to warm up or stretch the hand joints
a person walks slowly forward, clasps hands and bows down and up.
a standing person is pushed to their right and stumbles, catching themselves with their left foot.
a man spins around in a counterclockwise circle, and then spins clockwise many times with his arms out.
a person bends over to stretch over their right leg and then their left.
the person is walking forward at a medium speed.
a person is standing while waving their arms seven times rapidly from their elbows and stops.
a person raised the left and right hand and warm them up
a person moves his right arm up and his left arm downward.
a person is pushed to his left side.
a person is crouched down
a person doing a fast walk forward
the person is going to give someone his upper left.
person mounted on a motorcycle holding handle bars.
the left hand is place outside the waist and then goes towards the stomach and back out.
a person has his hands are on his hips and is warming up his legs
the man reaches to the ground for something places it on the table then reaches for another thing.
a man touches his face
a man shakes his left arm and then puts something down.
a  person seems to be warming up both arms
sitting down on the ground then standing.
a person walks forward with their hands at their sides.
person likely scratched their belly.
a person stands strongly with arms forward and down, then outstretches their arms to the side.
the person is walking towards the right.
the man lifts the dumbbell with left hand
waving hands up and down then walking around.
person scratching their head with left hand.
an individual is standing still before raising their left hand & arm up as to point then bobbing their arm & moving their body almost as to a dancing motion.
a person does a medium sidestep to their left
a person bends knees and then stands back up quickly.
a person pretends to be a dinosuar
a person walking slowly on a treadmill.
from a standing position the person raises their arms to chest height with their elbows bent and hands angled to mimick animal paws, and then turns at the waist from righ to right
a person runs slight towards the left.
the person is walking in a counterclockwise circle.
a person drops their arms from should height and jogs in place.
the person is bending over forward af if looking for something on the ground.he then comes back up before leaning back down.
a person sitting on an elevated surface; then waving his or her right hand to someone and the proceeds to walk away
a person walks forward then turn around then starts to jump back.
person makes a motion as if picking up soap, then straightens and rubs hands together as if washing hands
a person puts their hands together and does a clasp motion.
a person does one jumping jack.
someone jogs in place then turns around to look behind them.
the person put his right arm  out and then put his left arm out.
person is walking and jumps to avoid something.
this person crawls on all fours with belly close to the ground.
a person with their right hand above their head, is moving it around, then ends with a t-pose.
person is side stepping back and forth.
the person is  is focused on jogging around.
the person step forward once in his right foot and stop.
a person takes a small step forward with their left foot, while their arms swing gently by their sides.
a man is excersising his arms and legs.
a person is jumping straight up.
a person stretching his hands and bending forward.
a person grabbed something with left hand
a man grabs somthing with his left hand, and then kneels down on the ground.
the sim appears to be standing then crouches slightly shaking their right foot.
a person looking at their phone with right hand.
moving arm around near chest then backing up.
a person jumps, walks side to side and reaches their left arm out.
a person has their left hand up briefly then brings it down and leans slightly to the left.
a person gets into a fighting position.
a person holds their left hand out.
person is boxing with someone.
the person was pushed from the left but did not fall.
a person reaches out for something with his left hand 4 times.
a person bends over and looks around.
a person rubs head with left hand and rubs belly with right hand.
a person shakes both hands and arms up and down close to each other.
a person plays drums while standing up.
a person does a dribbling motion with their left hand while walking forward on a diagonal
throw toss pass to right leg
a person claps multiple times.
figure holds one leg out and makes large circles then holds the opposite leg out and makes small circles.
a person balances on their right leg and then their left.
a person seeming to be standing up reaching down with right hand seeming to be checking phone and placing it back down to pocket.
the person is kneeling, stands up and bends over and stands back up again, only to grab their left foot.
the toon is standing, swaying a bit, then raising their right wrist as to check the time on a watch.
this person stands and suddenly steps to the left.
the figure does two side lunges.
she walks carefully to her left as she raises her left arm, as if to take something, she carefully places something down, takes a small bow and raises up gingerly.
a person has both arms spread out and starts walking in a circle.
a man walks forward and then steps over an object.
a person steps up on a platform, right foot first.
the person fell down and is crawling away from someone.
a person is imitating legendary wrestler giant baba choking his opponent.
a person kicks thier left leg back and foward, then kicks thier right leg back and foward, and stands back straight
a person grabbing items with right hand.
a man walks forward with a wider stance.
a person touhes their left arms twice with their right hand.
a person squatting and hunched over, uses their hands in a gathering motion to prepare something; they then stand and wipe their brow with their left palm.
a person grabbed something and put it somehwere
a man has his arms raised and twists his torso right and left and the back and forth and then lowers his arms.
person is moving in relaxed manner dropping his hands, shifting body weight from one leg to another, taking couple of random steps.
a person walks in a spiral, clockwise, and starts to sit at the center of the spiral.
a person runs forward with both arms still by his/her sides, only allowing the hands to sway during the run.
a person walks forward, arms by their side.
a man pushes his arms forward together, then outward in opposite directions.
a person hit something with right hand
stick person looks as if to be treading water in the befgining and then puts arms up as if to flex and then mobes arms back
someone reaches to the right side with their left hand three times getting lower each time.
a person walks in a counter counterclockwise circle
a person gets up from the floor and then throws a football into the air
the man is walking counterclockwise in a circle while holding something up to his ear with his right arm.
a person takes a step back, sits down and raises shoulders
a person is in a motorcycle pose
walking forward in a diagonal line.
a person stumbles about completely dazed and throws a right handed uppercut whilst still stumbling.
a person crouches down and walks on all fours back and forth.
the person is walking and making a right turn.
a person sits down on a step stool, rests his chin on his hands, and then stands back up.
a person walks slowly forward and to the right.
a person walks in a counter counterclockwise circle.
a person is pacing the floor.
a person is talking on the phone
a man clasps object with both hands and then throws it with his left hand.
person is walking forward really slowly
a person takes steps backwards, walks forward, opens a door, walks in a clockwise circle and returns to the door.
robot standing on his right leg and his left hand is uplifted and he is moving his leg in different positions.
a person makes a wide, flat, arcing motion with the left hand across the body.
the figure steps backwards with their left foot and looks back as they sit briefly and then sits back up without using the arms of the chair to get up.
the man is moving both arms
a person standing upleft working on something directly in front of them with both hands and then steps away to examine what they are working on
a person turns right, walks then turns left and back to the right.
a person walks on a beam of some sort.
a person is leaning over and touches things with his hands.
a person walks forward in a straight line with arms spread open
a person picks up a cup pours a drink and puts it back.
this person stands and stretches backwards.
a man raises their arms swings right then swings left, then back to the middle.
this person has both arms extended out to his sides and stumbles.
as the title suggests, the person is walking straight backwards.
the person is doing a bodybuilding posed.
a person jumps forward and to the right.
a man walks forward with arms loosely at his sides.
a man sits down, then gets back up.
a person brings their hands up to chest level, then flexes them both to either side.
someone jumps fives times to the right then four times to the left.
the person is stepping over some thing.
walking up stairs with arm out.
the left hand goes above the shoulder then to the face back and forth then side to side.
a person is sitting on the ground, then stands up and walks in a circle.
a person is skipping rope.
a person walks with both legs spread out.
a man bends forward and then takes a step.
a person is swinging both arms back and forth
a person stands with right leg forward and right arm above the head, then moves their left leg back, brings up there left arm, then brings both arms down together and bends at the waist.
the person is jogging in place.
he is leaning on something and cleaning it with a towel.
a person is holding his arms straight out to the sides then lowers them, claps, and steps forward to sit in a chair
a person moves their hands in alternating circular motions
a figure kicks and then wipes their chin
a person walks forward from a neutral position and throws an object with left hand and left leg kicks back.
a person walked in left direction
a person standing hold something with the right hand and then uses the left-hand to repeatedly strike it.
the person is throwing a ball.
a man steps onto something then raises his left arms above his head and grabs an object.
a person who is standing with his hands out from his sides takes four slow steps forward and stops.
a person with arms raised and elbows bent begins slowly making a punching motion with left hand and then again with their right hand.
a person appears to be warming up and loosening their neck, shoulder, elbow, and wrist muscles.
a person crawls on the ground from east to west then goes back
the person sways to their right and then painfully walks forward.
a person stands on the spot and claps their hands in the air
a person trying to strike a pose
someone is walking forward down the screen in place
a person is dancing as he taps his feet and moves his arms up and down and around.
a person sidesteps to his left, to his right, walks back and repeats this.
a person throws something lackadaisically with their left arm.
a person marches in place while raising its arms, then it takes a break, then it starts running in place with raised arms.
a person stretches by leaning to the right, putting their right arm on their hip, and putting their left up straight up and over to the right
walking in a diagonal line.
a person raises their left hand and waves off applause then they cover their face in embarrassment waving off more people.
a person slowly walked forward in right direction
the body is walking backwards carefully.
a person slowly walks forward with arms swinging. turns in a clockwise circle
a person bends at the hips and moves their left arm up and down, then pats something with their left hand.
walking slowly with arms outstretched.
a person who is standing with his hands out from his sides applies five brush strokes with his left hand.
a man picks up his left leg, holds it up in front of him, and then keeps it up in the air.
a man performs three jumping jacks
someone imitating a golf swing
a man sits down, stands up and then sits back down again.
a person cartwheels then does back handsprings
a person raised the hands and pul it down
this person walks slowly frontwards.
a person lifts their left leg and then right leg
a person with arm up and to the side. lowers arms and rotates in circular motion.
a person walking straight with regular sized gamps between their feet
a person walks in a curve to the right.
a person raises both hands in front of them then throws them down in disapproval.
a person holds their hands in front of them, turns counterclockwise briefly, and then kicks towards the right hand side with their left leg.
a person raises both arms and waves.
a person waiving goodbye and stepping backwards.
a person walks to his left.
a man walks forward, slightly bending his knees with both hands at his sides.
the person was backing up away from someone
a man does jumping jacks in slow motion.
a person walks forward at a right angle, slightly turns left, kneels, relaxes and then slightly wiggles ankles.
a person walks forward and then turns around and then to the left while holding their right hand on their knee and their left hand on the back of their thigh
a person climbs up a ladder, grabs something then places it on a shelf with their left hand.
a person who is modeling down a runway
someone is walking in a circle.
a man stands with his feet shoulder width apart when he slides his left foot along the ground as he kicks his right foot forward at waist height.
the person walks forward a step, grabs a cucumber to slice, slices it, and then steps back.
a person remains standing while moving downward, back up, to the right, and back centered.
a person, dribbles basketball from left hand to right hand, readies feet to shoot by aligning them, then grabs the ball with both hands and shoots using their left hand, stepping back with right foot slightly after landing.
a person walks around an object in their path.
a person moves their left foor around while balancing on their right foot.
a person standing still holds their hands together out front, and then places both hands on their hips.
a man bends over and reaches his right arm out.
the person is dancing the waltz.
a person starts with arms outstretched then places them on thighs for a few seconds then stretches back out.
a person walking, picking up 2 things and then pouring both
a man walking forward jumps turns around and walks back.
walking backwards and to the side.
a person standing still looking around.
someone jumps, turns clockwise, and stands straight up.
walking forward with legs apart.
a person stumbles backwards a few steps
a man takes two steps forward.
a person bends over and holds their head in pain.
person is jumping up and down vigorously and putting their legs back
a person is doing a acrobatic dance.
a person walks around two edges of a room.
the person is walking then runnijg.
a character quickly walks forward in a diagonal motion then turns around and walks back to where they started.
a person gets pushed back.
a man moves backwards while sliding his feet.
person walks forward, and in a half circle, angles to the left of the screen
a person is jogging back and forth from where he has standing
a person is running forward.
a figure walks forward then spins on their heel sloppily before walking back
person slowly raises right arm towards mouth gently.
a persons steps sideways to their left three times, then sideways to their right four times and finishes with a half sideways step to the left.
a person emulates the motions of a waltz dance by going forward to the side, backward, and to the side again in a box motion.
a person is walking in an s shape
this person is standing bent at the knee and drops his right arm.
a person is standing, holding an invisible ball and makes a throwing motion. they then step backward and make a more violent throwing motion as if to try to throw the ball further.
a person walks right to lower left.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person is jumping up and down from the ground.
a person slowly walked forward while balancing
someone is lift weights above their head
a person does the sign of the cross prayer.
a person takes a small hop forward.
a person stands, crosses left leg in front of right, lowering themselves until they are sitting, both hands on the floor before standing and uncrossing legs.
person is warming up the chest muscles
the person motions as to pick up a bag or item from the floor with their left hand, and begins walking forward at a moderate pace
a man runs hurriedly in place before backstepping, dropping to a crouch, and duckwalking forward several steps with his arms bent in front of him at chest level.
a person carefully walks forward with one foot in front of the other and arms held out to either side.
person on hands and knees moves forward five paces and gets up
a man steps into his shoes with his right foot then his left
a person is doing jumping jacks.
the person is jogging forward diagonally.
a man clasps his hands to the side and then unclasps them.
person walks whilst grabbing onto a banister to help their balance.
a person crouches down while covering their head
a person turns to the right and steps forward, then kicks with their left foot.
a person walks and swings their arms around their head, and then walks backward.
a person walks forward, then turns and walks back the way they came.
person raises his left arm up in front of his face, and holds it there for a second before putting his arm back down.
a man picks something up with both hands and move it to the left.
a person is performing a dance and spinning around
the toon is tanding still raising both arms in a shaking motion.
a person side steps to the left and then back to the right.
a person with both arms protecting face then jabs.
a man stands with his hands lowered and moves them like trying to put a golf ball in a hole.
a person walking sideways .
a person hops and throws an object with both hands.
a person walks in a clockwise circle.
a person leans and sways while their hands are propped up imitating claws of an animal.
a person waves their left hand twice, quickly with a small range of motion before waving a third time, with a bigger range of motion.
a person walks up to a table and starts washing it.
a person picks up two objects, wipes the right object with the left, and then sets them both back down.
person jumps into the air
person is walking around back and forth.
someone is sitting and pivoting back and forth before standing up and staggering back and forth.
a pitcher winds up and throws the ball, and the ball quickly comes back to him; he catches it, and without haste, he throws it back again.
man walks forwards, stops, turns around and sits. then gets up and walks back
he takes two short quick steps forward.
the person scratched his head with his left hand and scratched his head with his right hand.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle with one hand in front of them.
a person walks forward with their feet parallel. they hop over an object and walk forward
a person walks forward, turns right then walks back.
person stands still then moves arms side to side front to back then infront
a person appears to be driving something.
a person throws something from their left hand.
a person is jogging on the spot.
the person tilts to their left with outstretched arms.
person has arms up the touches something with left hand.
person taking a few steps and looking around right to left.
a person raises both their arms and then places them back down.
a man turns to his left and walks, then turns around clockwise and walks, turns once more counterclockwise and walks back, turning one final time as he stops in a standing position.
a person walks forward placing their hand onto a hand rail on there right hand side for stability.
a person slowly walks forward, in a straight line, with their hands by their side.
hands go to the chest moving back and forth, left hand place on the right upper arm as while as right hand is place on the left upper arm.
a person raises both arms to shoulder height then does multiple squats.
a person presses things in front of them with their left hand.
a person grabbing something in front of them, swinging it around to the side then throwing it overhead
a toon is standing with their legs separate, both arms to the chest as to in a exercise routine.
the figure bends down, gets on their hands and knees and begins crawling to the left
a man waves his hands from side to side then does a submersion move and passes his right hand from the top left to right lower.
a person walks forward and picks something up off the ground with their left hand.
perosn walks forward, turns left, walks back
a person quickly jogs forward.
a person is swinging their arms as they are walking forward.
the person is walking very slowly.
a man brushes something at knee height with his left arm, then stands up, steps back, and extends his arms to either side.
a person briefly strums a guitar.
a person touches something with his right hand.
a man picks up an object and places it on the right side with his right hand on top of the object.
a person has both legs spread apart and hands down.
a person hold their arms out at shoulder level and swings them in circles.
a person walks diagonally from right to left then beds down to touch something as if they are switch a radio on or off then they walk back to where they started.
the person walks forward and speeds up as if pushed from behind.
walking forward and then stopping.
a person throws with left hand and catches with both hands.
figure holds left leg halfway.
person is practicing their shot put
a person is slowly tip toeing down a path while using his arms to balance himself.
the person is punching the air with their left arm
a person walks and turns around and walk, holding its red arm with its blue arm
a person walks forward while leaning the right hand on something.
walking forward and bending down.
a person is cleaning an object with his left hand and then raises both his hands.
the person slouches, leans from side to side as the walk forward
person is moving something from right to left with both arms
a person is leaning to the right.
a person is standing turns right and starts walking some, then they turn around and walk the other way, then they turn around again and walk back to where they started from.
a person walks diagonally in a stomping motion, trying to be careful which using his hands in a karate motion, then walks backwards in the same motion.
a person lowers their arms, raises them in front of them and then raises them out to their sides.
a figure stands with knees bent, not quite in a squat, and raises and lowers its arms
a person raises their arms from beside thier body to shoulder height, then lowers them down again.
a person staggers around slowly in an clockwise movement
running forward in a diagonal line
a person is walking and bends right
a man turns to his left, then steps forward, hesitating sometimes as though sneaking, making a wide counterclockwise square.
person walks forward and crouches down.
the person is standing with their arms out .
a person raised the hands and pull it down
a person that is running in place.
a standing person clasps her hands together in a golf grip, leans over, and makes a putting motion, swinging from her left to her right.
a person rubs his upper body and left arm in a clockwise motion with his right hand and then rubs his right-arm in a clockwise motion with his left hand.
a man goes from having his hands up ready to fight with left foot forward, to kneeling on his right leg, right hand back, and left hand on the ground.
a person walks foward to a certain spot, appears to be pouring or sprinkling somethiing on what might be food and putting a top onto something
a person is laying down and gets up.
person takes a step forward with right leg thens lifts the left leg and swings it to the side of the right leg then steps back to original position
a person walks forward one foot in front of the other with both arms stretched out.
man has his left foot in front of his right foot and leans forward while he moves his arm in an overhand throwing motion
a person angrily sways back and forth in a large stance, with their hands on their hips.
a person get up and bend on the knee
a person swings both arms.
a person takes a few steps, squats twice, then turns and and walks back,
figure is walking straight and turning right
person is exercising their neck
a person seems to be unsteadily walking back and forth while moving their hands rapidly.
a person brings their hands to their face, before crossing their arms at their chest in an x
a person walks backwards slowly.
a man takes a few steps forward, stopping in a standing position.
a person walks forward and then with left hand looks to be nailing something with a hammer
a person walks forward, then jogs back and forth across the floor before returning to their original position.
the man is pretending to be a mouse
a person leans back on their left leg and puts both hands on their hips, walks forward, turns a full circle clockwise and then stands side on.
the person is doing a wrist and ankle warm-up.
a person walks in a counter counterclockwise direction.
the man is walking normally
a person sprints forward in a non straight line
the man has a dry left arm
man walking slowly forward with his hands out to his sides as he walks using an object on either side for balance.
this person uses both hands to lift an item that appears to be slightly heavy.
a man starts to do the splits.
person starts with both arms raised before using left hand pushing forward in an opening position hesitantly holds the position
a man walks forward with a slight arc to the right.
a man walks forward then turns around and walks in the opposite direction.
the person is strumming the violin .
a figure takes a step forward to pick up their cup, they take a drink.
a man walks forward, turns left and walks in that direction.
a person stands still with both arms extended at their sides.
a man stands marching in place, then picks up the pace to a slow jog.
a person slowly walks forward in a zig zag pattern
someone does two jumping jacks
the man takes a puff from his cigar
the figure quickly raises it left hand and proceeds to wave towards the camera.
the man is pretending to be mouse i think
a person lean on the floor and get up after
a person is boxing, throwing various combinations and demonstrating fighting footwork.
the figure is hunched, their head turns back and forth searchingly as they walk forward and then turn around clockwise and continue walking hunched.
a person gets on their hands and knees and then crawls back and forth before getting up again.
a man puts his arms in front and then waves them back and forth twice
lowering arms from shoulder height to waist then bending arms 90 degrees forward and rotating circular
character is standing at an angular position making the motion as to be swinging a baseball bat.
a person walks forward but slowly curves towards the right as they are walking and then stops.
person steps forward and block with the left arm. they turn clockwise 270 degrees and step forward to punch with the left arm. then they turn counterclockwise 280 degrees and punch with the right arm. then they turn clockwise 90 degrees and punch three times while walking forward
bending down and sitting criss cross.
a person takes one step diagonally to the left.
a man walks slowly forward, taking wide steps, before coming to a standing position.
person steps forward three steps then stumbles then does one more step
person crosses arms then puts them down.
person performs a swing like motion from left to right
a person walks forward, stumbles, and then continues to walk forward.
a person starts at top left, runs towards the center bottom and then back towards the top right.
the person was pushed to the right and then move back to the left.
a person stands over to sink while washing their hands
a person casually starts walking forward with their left foot and turns slightly to their right.
a person brings their left arm back then swings it rapidly forward in a throwing motion
a person jumps once hitting feet together, then lands and has trouble regaining balance.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person walking forward in a straight line, as if trying to model.
the person pick something and then it’s wiping off some thing.
a person does a single knee down with right leg with left leg stepping forward while raising left arm up to head level and placing its forearm in front of face, and then resume the original position.
person is walking straight backwards
a person running at full speed in a strait direction with its arms swinging right and left
a person falls to the left
a person standing up is making boxing motions with their right and left arms
a person takes four steps forward, and turns to their left while doing so, to end up facing to their left.
a person walks forward then turns around and walks back.
a person opening and reaching to grab objects from a height.
a person lifts their left arm.
a person is moving something with both arms.
a person slowaly walked backward while raising the hands up
a person is walking forward as if trying not to step on something.
a person raised their left arm in front of them, crossing over their body, then moves the arm to the left at shoulder level until it is out to their side.
right arm wrapped around something, left arm waving then both arms grabbing at something above, then back to right arm wrapped around something and left arm waving.
walking forward and then back.
somebody is drawing a line in the sand
a person paces from right to left.
the man starts with both arms lifted to the sides then puts them down.  he then looks side to side multiple times.
a person does many jumping jacks.
a person walks forward and towards the right hand side.
a man seated lifts both hands in a "t-pose" then lowers them and then stretches out his left arm.
a person is walking forward then turns to the right and stops
person walks straight while kicking their feet.
this person lifts something then places it to the left.
a person stands with elbows bent, and proceeds to curl their arms from the elbow toward their shoulders.
a person walks in a counter counterclockwise circle
a person scratching his head.
person stands still and aggressively points straight forward
a man swings his left arm around and then grabs his left elbow and brings it close to his body.
someone is pushed and stumbles to the right.
the figure is stepping right to left while swinging both arms like they are playing tennis.
a person picks something up with their right hand and begins rubbing their hands on something round in front of them that would be at their eye level
a person walks forward slowly
a person is dancing, jumping from side to side waving his arms above his head.
the person is rearranging and clearing  the walkway
a person stands at a slight squat with his arms outreached at his sides and then lowers them to knee-level.
a person is doing a shuffling amd tossing motion.
a man raises his left hand then shuffles slightly to the left.
person is rotating arms. first, rotates counterclockwise, then clockwise. appear to be warming up
a person bends his knees, steps forward, picks something up then steps back.
a person performing a left handed uppercut
a person walks up stairs.
a person jogs on the spot
person standing takes right arm and winds it five times forward stops and then winds right arm five times backwards using wide whole arm motions while the left arm is motionless
a person raises a drink to their mouth.
a man walks forward three steps then gently leaps two steps
the man is sitting down and standing up
someone walking forward with their arms swinging
a figure holds their elbows out to the side before flapping their arms as they are a chicken or bird.
a person walks forward and stops.
walking to the side while waving hands.
a person lowers and sits cross legged and then stands back up.
a person walks forward.
a person performing jumping jacks
a person throws an object with both hands.
waving arms around randomly.
a person walks in wavy motions.
a person bends down and jumps forward
a person adjusts something in front of them with their left hand.
the person calmly holds an object close to its face.
a person does horizontal jumps to the left.
a person walks down a ramp in a meandering line
a person sits down and drinks then gets back up
a person stands still while rocking back and forth
a person walks in a circle clockwise.
a person walks forward then steps onto an object before stepping back down again,  steps forward some more, before turning around and going back again.
person looks around and then takes a step to their left
person bends at the knees and jumps forward
a man puts his right hand left shoulder  and then his left hand to his right shoulder and stretches his shoulder.
a man walks in a circle for 10 seconds to stretch his legs after sitting for an extended period of time.
the person is doing a salutation.
the person was walking on steppingstones.
a person who is clapping there palms together
person raises hands together neck height and claps
a man is is doing basketball drills.
a person picking objects up,  and then placing them on a higher surface.
a person picks up their left leg and touches it with their right hand.
the man is moving his arms
a person standing in place claps both hands for a short while, stops and puts arms down, then begins to clap hands again.
a person stretches with both arms, by raising their arms above their head.
a person seems to be throwing something a couple of times
a person washes windows with his left hand.
a person who is dodging things
a man takes one step back, sits down, then stands up and takes one step forward
a person walks like a zombie confused throughout a room with their arms up going in different directions
a person walking to the left then turning around
a person holding their hands to their face and suddenly letting go; peek a boo motion
a man using both hands is lifting something to put on a table.
a person passes a ball from his right to left hand.
a person walks back and forth and completes a circle
a person who is standing with his knees bent and his hands on his thighs reaches up with both of his arms, holds his left arm up while his right arm drops, drops his left arm, then lifts both arms out from his sides again.
a man walks continuously forward slowly with his arms down.
a man sits down before rubbing his legs.
a person moving their hips back and forth, right and left.
a person ran on the place and after bend the kne and start slowly walk
the person sits down whilst their left arm is shaking
the man is laying down and get up
a person walks forward while keeping their shoulders still
a person takes a few steps forward and bend down slightly, takes their left arm and opens something
person is facing forward with their arms extended out to the side. they rotate their wrists counterclockwise and counter counterclockwise before lowering their arms. they then keep their lower body facing forward while twisting at the waist to look behind them.
person walks forward in speedy fashion
a person walks forward, leans and touches something with his left hand, and then walks backward.
a person does a lunge with right foot leading, then another lunge with the left foot leading
a person grab with right hand the stand, and doing the spesific motion with right leg, turning in different directions
a man stumbles stepping out to his right before returning to a standing position.
a person touches knees to opposing elbows 5 times, stops and then does 1 squat.
a person rotates both arms in an clockwise rotation
a person takes several steps in a somewhat random pattern while appearing to sweep the floor.
the person sits down and stands back up.
a person takes a side step to thoer right, then kneels down to the ground and starts crawling.
a person sits down and talks with their hands.
figure jogs forward, arms bent in front of them
a person slowly walekd by making the circle
a person stands and then walks backwards.
moving forward and take some thing  go back after once again come front take some thing and go.
a person sneakily crouches while moving laterally to his left and then to his right.
a person pitching a baseballl
a person raised his hands, and slowly doing the warm up the elbows, and hands
a man moves his left arm forward and touches something.
person walks forward, leans on table and reaches up for an item
a person holding a cell phone to ear.
a person squatting raises both their arms above their head.
a person performing a golf swing.
person stand in t position, interlocks hands, then returns to t
a person is removing an object from a wheel and then steering a large boat wheel.
a man is washing a window
a person sits down and then stands back up.
this person runs forward foot over foot.
a figure jumps up extending their body.
a person walks in an arc slightly to their left.
a man bends his knee to the ground then stands upleft and start swinging his arm forward
a person holds his arms out in front of him, bows slightly, lowers his arms, raises them again, and bows once more.
the man kicks with his left foot and then returns to a stable position.
person is jogging in place.
a person stayed on the place
a person walking hops to the side forward, reaching down to touch knee.
person is slow walking.
a person trots in a slightly curved line.
the person did an ankle twist with his right foot and then did an ankle twist with his left foot.
a person waves with their left hand.
person is waving  with the left hand.
pretend to hold something and moves it
a person kicks the ground a few times with their right foot.
