a person walks on a treadmill at a moderate pace.
a person doing a golf swing
a person is walking backwards.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person stands still, raises their right arm and waves it a couple times.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person gets down on the ground and picks something up.
a person walks forward and then turns around and walks backwards.
a person walks forward while holding on to something with their right hand.
a person picks something up and sets it down
a person walks backwards a few steps.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person walks forward and picks something up with their right hand, walks back, and then picks up another object with their left hand.
a person runs to the right and stops.
a person slowly walks forward.
a person walks forward and then turns around and walks back.
a person walks forward and stumbles to the left
a person hops in place twice.
a person walks forward while holding onto something with their right hand.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person walks forward while swinging their arms.
a person stands and moves his legs.
a person walks up and then down some stairs while holding onto a rail with their right hand.
a person standing still, raising both hands up above their head, then back down to their sides.
a person walks forward and stumbles
a person walks in a circle.
a person takes one step to the side with their right leg.
a person walks forward and turns to the right.
a person walks forward while holding onto something with their left hand.
a person squats down and places both hands on the floor, and then stands back up.
a person is kicking a ball
person walks in a circle and stops.
a person is standing still then crosses their arms.
a person is doing squats with their arms above their head
a person doing jumping jacks.
a person reaches out to their left with their left arm, moving their arm in a counterclockwise circle.
a person claps their hands then stops.
a person raises their left arm and waves it.
a person holds their hands up to their face, then throws something with their right hand, then puts their hands on their hips and leans forward.
a person walks in a counter clockwise circle.
person is doing upper body stretches
a person is standing in place and then making the cross sign on their chest.
a person kicks with their right leg.
a person is acting like a human cat.
a person steps forward and moves an object with their left hand.
a person walks and stops and turns to the left
a person walks forward and to the left.
a person leans forward to touch something with his right hand, then steps back to make a motion with his left hand.
a person walks in a circle.
a person is sitting down, waving with their right hand.
a person walks to the right, then to the left, then back to the middle.
a person spins while raising their arms
a person punches with their right and left arm.
a person holds their hands up and squats down.
a person stands from a seated position.
the person is doing a martial arts kick.
a person walks in a semi circle to the left.
a person takes a seat and clasps their hands together.
a person slowly walks backwards.
a person jumps up and down.
a person is doing a dance
a person jumps and spins while facing forward, then takes a few steps backwards.
a person raises their right arm and does an uppercut
the person is stretching his arms.
a person standing and making hand signals.
a stick figure with no head, is standing in a t-pose.
a person swings their left arm in a circle then their right arm in the same motion.
a person raises their left arm and waves with their left hand.
a person standing up takes a bow forwards one time.
a person steps backward and holds something up to their face.
a person raises their hands above their head, lowers them, then raises them again.
a person holds their hands up and walks in a circle.
a person does a quick football kick
a person holds something up to their face.
a person steps forward and picks something up with both hands, then turns to the left and makes a sweeping motion with their right hand as if they were to place the object down.
a person runs forward and stops.
a person holds up their hands to their face and then kicks with their right leg.
the person is making a gesture with their hands.
a person is sitting down, and is leaning forward with their left arm out in front of them.
a person lifts their right arm and bends it repeatedly at the elbow.
a person walks forward and turns around.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person picks something up and moves it to the left
a person walks forward and turns around.
a person turns around and puts his hand to his face.
a person gets on their hands and knees.
a person walks forward and turns around to walk back.
a person shuffles to the left, then walks to the right, and then shuffling back to the center.
a person walks forward while holding onto something with their right hand.
a person dances in a figure of eight motion
a person gets on their hands and knees and crawls.
a person has arms extended out to the side, then brings them inward and extends them again.
a person is standing still and then leans to the right
a person walks in a circle while hunched over and holding something.
a person takes a few steps forward, then stops and takes a seat on the floor, resting their back against a wall.
a person walks forward and to the left.
a person walks up a set of stairs.
a person sits down on the ground and gets up
a person walks forward and stops.
a person walks forward and to the left.
a person walks backwards, crouches, and then walks forwards.
a person is jogging in place.
a person is wiping something down.
a person walks forward while placing their right hand on a surface.
a person is doing a small squat.
a person walking forward and stopping.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle while moving their arms in front of them.
a person warms up their shoulders and arms.
a person slowly punches with his right hand
a person reaches down to pick something up with their right hand, then walks forward.
a person is hinging their right arm and waving with their left.
a person is pantomiming throwing something in the trash.
a person is mixing something with their right hand.
a person takes a few steps forward.
a person is jogging in place.
a person checks the watch on their right hand.
a person walks forward and picks something up from the ground.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person steps backward and sits down.
a person walks backwards in a straight line
a person checks the watch on their right wrist.
a person picks something up from the ground.
a person walks to the right and sits down.
a person appears to be making a gesture.
a person stands with their arms bent, and then they move their arms back and forth
a person jogs on the spot
a person claps their hands then walks forward and sits down.
a person raised the hads and start to hit with arms
a person raises their left hand above their head and then lowers it back down.
a person jumps in place twice, then turns to the left and jumps again.
a person walks forward, turns to their left, and walks a bit further.
a person picks something up with their right hand, then walks back and makes a motion as if they are washing the object with their left hand.
a person is pushed from the right side and stumbles to the left side and then walks backwards.
a person is doing exercise
a person stands up from a kneeling position.
a person walks forward, leans down and then walks back.
person stands in place, bends down and moves arms side to side, then gets up and backs up.
person is hunched over looking at the ground.
a person stretches their arms forward, then turns to the right and stretchs their arms again.
a person standing still then lifts their right hand to their face.
a person swings both arms like a bird
a person throws an uppercut with their right arm.
a person is posing with their arms raised.
a person stands in a straight position and hops on his right foot five times.
a person runs and jumps, landing on their hands and knees.
a person grabbed something with both hands and throw it
a person bends over and makes the motion of brushing their teeth
a person holds something up to their face and then walks around.
a person walks down steps holding onto the rail.
a person stands still, then raises their right hand to their head.
a person spins in a counter clockwise circle.
a person hops on their right foot a couple times, then jumps and lands on both feet.
a person stretches their arms above their head.
a person standing in place with arms bent.
person walks forward and turns around to walk back.
a person is standing still, then leans to their right.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person is on their hands and knees.
a person walks up some stairs while holding on to the railing.
a person is pushed from the right side, but does not fall.
a person is walking forward with both arms swinging.
a person opens something, sets it down, and then steps back.
a person walks in a circle while holding onto a wall.
a person is doing the macarena dance.
a person is in a squat position with their arms bent in front of them and their hands on their knees.
a person holds both of their hands up to their face and then lowers them back down to their sides.
a person walks forward and to the left.
a person walks in a circle
a person takes four quick steps forward.
a person stands still, then takes a small step to the left.
a person raises their arms and bends them repeatedly at the elbow.
a person raises their right arm to the level of their shoulder, then waves with their right hand in a circular motion.
a person is standing and moves something with their right hand
a person takes a few steps forward, turns to their right and then walks back to their original position.
a person runs in place
a person does a kicking dance
a person walks forward, crouches, and then walks back.
a person walks backwards and then stops.
a person stands facing forward, looking from side to side, then puts their right hand on their right leg, leaning down.
a person does a warm up exercise with their arms
a person punches with their left arm, then their right arm.
a person walks in a clockwise circle.
person jumps up and turns to the right.
a person stands on the ground and gets up.
a person picks something up and moves it from side to side.
a person leans over to pick something up with both hands, then sets it down with both arms out to their side.
a person cross legged and standing.
a person is doing jumping jacks.
a person is standing and then turns to the side and moves his right arm.
a person is warming up their arms.
a person takes a large step forward.
a person strums a guitar with their right hand.
a person squats and then raises their arms to shoulder level.
a person throws something with their right hand and then catches something with both hands.
a person throws something with their right hand and then steps back.
a person is walking in a straight line while waving with their arms out.
a person raises their right hand to their face.
a person walks forward and then turns around and walks back.
a person walks forward and turns around.
person walks backwards, stops, and then walks forwards.
a person is holding something up with their left arm.
a person walks forward, turns around and walks back.
a person is seen to be making the cross sign on their chest
a person walks to the right, then the left, then back to the center.
a person holds their arms up and does karate kicks.
a person walks forward and picks something up.
a person is stretching their back.
a person takes a few steps forward and stops.
a person shuffles to the right while bending down.
a person is sitting on the ground with their legs crossed, they raise their left arm to their head and then put it back down.
a person walks in a clockwise circle.
person stands and raises their arms and then bends down to stretch their back
a person standing in a slight crouch, shakes their arms and shoulders in front of them.
a person makes the motion of washing the windows.
a person walks forwards and back, swinging their arms side to side.
a person picks something up with their left hand then sets it down again.
a person is side-stepping to the left then to the right.
a person leans forward and then jumps back and walks.
the person is doing a martial arts kick
a person standing still and then pushing back with their right leg.
a person checks the watch on their right arm.
a person stands on their right leg, kicking their left leg out and back.
a person is standing still, then bends to the left, then raises their hands to their chest, and finally bends back to the right.
a person holds their right arm out and waves.
a person puts their hands together in front of them and then raises them shoulder height and then puts them back down.
a person is standing in place with arms bent, and then drops their left arm.
a person is waving with their right hand.
a person grabbed something and put it somewhere
a person throws something with their right hand
a person throws with their left hand then catches with both hands.
a person takes a few steps sideways to the left and then to the right.
a person walks up to a door, knocks, and then walks back.
a person walks forward while holding onto something with their right hand.
a person sits down on the floor and then stands back up.
a person is crouching down and then gets up.
a person with their arms bent at the elbows, bend their arms inwards and outwards repeatedly.
a person walks forward and stumbles to their right.
a person drinks from a cup.
a person kicks with their right leg
a person is standing still and then begins moving their hands as if they are working on something.
a person walks forward while swinging his arms.
a person takes a step forward and then makes the cross sign on their chest.
a person is playing a guitar.
a person is walking back-and-forth diagonally.
person is doing the chicken dance
a person walks forward, turns to their right and walks back.
person is clapping and then walks forward and sits down.
a person holds both arms in front of them.
a person walks in a clockwise circle.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person jumps in the air and spins their arms
a person slowly jumps up and down.
a person walks forward and stumbles, regaining balance before continuing to walk.
a person walks forward and turns around.
a person leans slightly to his right
a person crosses their arms.
a person walks forward and to the left.
a person throws an object with their right hand.
a person turns and walks to the left.
a person punches the air with his left hand, then with his right.
a person running forward.
a person steps backward and to the side.
a person sidesteps to the left and then sidestepping to the right.
a person steps back, then kicks forward with their right foot.
a person jumps in the air
a person walks forward and up stairs.
a person kicks with his left foot and then blocks with both hands.
a person lifts both hands up and moves them around near their face.
a person stands still, takes a step to the left, and then stands still again.
a person is standing, lifting their arms above their head, then lowers them back down.
person appears to be doing warm up exercises
a person stands and sways to the left, then to the right.
a person walks forward and picks something up from the ground and walks back
a person waves with both arms.
a person stands still and then jumps to their right.
the person is doing a yoga pose
a person moves their left leg and then lifts their right.
a person jumps while moving his arms
a person is stepping over something with their left leg.
a person stands up and does a karate kick.
a person walks in a circle, starting with their right foot.
a person walks forward while holding onto something with their left hand.
a person does a karate kick
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle.
a person walks in place, with their arms loosely at their side.
a person sits down on the ground and then stands back up.
a person makes a sideways bow.
a person picks something up from the ground with both hands, then puts it back down on the ground.
a person takes a short jump forward
person walking on uneven terrain
a person takes two steps to the left and one step to the right.
a person reaches down and puts their hand to their head
a person squats down and then stands back up.
a person walks forward and turns around.
the person is doing a warm up routine.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person walks backwards in a straight line
a person is shaking their hips side to side.
a person is jumping up and down
a person jumps in place and then takes two steps to the left.
a person holds their left arm up to their head.
a person walks forward and turns to the right and continues walking.
a person walks forward, turns and walks back.
a person shakes his right hand while keeping his left hand near his chest.
a person is sitting down, raising and lowering their arms as if they were driving a car.
a person steps backwards on their right leg
person is doing jumping jacks
a person stands with their right arm bent, reaching forward and to the side.
a person leans forward and makes a small incision in their left arm, then walks backwards and sits down.
a person squats down and then walks forward.
a person sits down on the floor cross legged.
a person slowly walks forward and to the side.
a person stands and holds his hands up and then moves his body side to side.
person is doing a salsa dance.
a person takes a step back with their left leg while holding their hands up to their chest, and then takes a few steps forward.
person is walking forward with support.
a person crosses their arms and then uncrosses them
a person is moving something from their left hand to their right hand
a person raises their left hand above their head.
person is looking around while standing
a person is standing in a martial arts ready position.
a person walks forward, spins around, and walks back.
a person walks forward while using their left hand to touch something.
a person slowly walked forward and then ran back.
a person walks forward while swinging their arms in a wide motion.
a person is doing a warm up exercise
a person raised the hand and hit something
a person walks forward and to the left.
a person crosses their arms on their chest.
a person picks up an object, tilts it, then sets it back down.
a person shakes their left leg and then their right leg
a person swings both arms and legs in a circular motion, moving clockwise.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person jogs in place.
a person throws something with their left hand
a person throws an object with his right hand.
a person holds their hands to their face, then lowers them to their sides.
a person doing the salsa dance
a person with knees bent, puts both arms down.
a person walks forward and then turns around and walks back
a person walks in a crouching position.
a person swings his left hand and hits something.
a person walks forward and spins on their right foot to walk in the opposite direction.
a person leans down to pick something up
a person with both arms bent at the elbow, appears to be in a defensive stance.
a person looks around in a slow pan.
a person walks forward and puts his hand on something.
a person is standing in place with both arms bent, ready to throw a punch
a person walks forward while holding onto a rail with their left hand.
a person walks forward, then steps back and stretches their right arm.
a person walks forward and sits down.
a person standing and looking around
a person marches forward while swinging their arms.
a person throws a uppercut with their right hand.
a person walks forward and then walks back
a person sits down on the floor and then gets back up
a person kicks with their left leg.
a person does a karate kick
a person walks around in a counterclockwise circle.
a person gets up from sitting position and walks forward
person takes a step back with their left leg, puts their hands in front of their face, and then reaches down to the ground with their right hand.
person appears to be flailing their arms like a bird
a person walks forward while holding onto something with their left hand.
a person is standing with their arms bent and then raises their right arm.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person walks forward and to the side.
a person throws punches with both arms.
a person holds their hands up to their chest and then lowers them back down to their sides.
a person stands still and waving their hand.
a person walks forward and to the side.
the man is marching in place.
a person slowly walks forward, reaches out with their left hand, and then steps back.
a person sits down on a stool.
a person kicks out with their right foot.
a person holds their hands together and crosses them.
a person lifts both arms and puts them on their head.
a person takes four quick steps forward
a person stands and then sits, then they stand up
a person walks forward and then stops.
a person jogs and then stops.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person walks forward and then turns to the left.
a person walks forward and stops
a person kicks a ball with their right leg
a person walks forward and then sits on the floor
a person stands with arms out from the sides, then turns right and left.
a person lifts his right leg and does a kicking motion with it.
a person waves with their right hand.
a person crosses their arms.
a person steps back, reaches down with both hands, and moves forward with both arms extended.
a person is standing and waving with his right hand.
a person raises their left arm above their head.
a person standing up and moving hands up and down.
a person lifts their left leg and kicks with it, then puts their leg back down.
a person is standing still and then puts their left arm down.
a person stands facing forward, then turns to the side and moves their arms in circular motions.
a person does a handstand.
a person walks forward, turns around, walks in a counter clockwise circle, and then walks back.
a person steps backward, sits down, and then stands back up.
a person walks forward while pushing their arms out.
a person runs forward and then stops.
a person walks forward, turns around and walks back.
a person walks forward and trips, then gets back up and walks again.
a person stands and raises their left arm
a person squats slightly then walks forward.
a person is doing upper body warm-up
a person raises their right hand to their head.
a person paces back-and-forth from left to right.
a person catches a ball and then kicks it.
a person standing on a slight slant with his arms bent and his right hand pointed inward.
a person is walking forward normally.
person is doing karate kicks
a person lifts both hands, palms up, then bends elbows and hands down.
a person walks forward, bends down and then continues walking.
a person appears to be moving around a cup
a person walks forward and stumbles.
a person walks forward, bends down, and walks back.
a person walks and bends to the left.
a person lifts their left arm in the air.
a person does a small hop on their right foot.
a person does a high knee kick
a person walks forward and then turns around and walks back.
a person lifts his left arm and moves it up and down.
a person puts their right arm out forward.
a person steps forward and sits down.
a person who is standing with his arms out from his sides brings his right hand forward and makes a motion as if he were to throw something with his right arm.
a person uses their right hand to grab an object and move it to their left side.
a person walks forward and sways to the left and right.
a person raises their arms and then puts them down
a person walks around in a circle
a person walks up some stairs while holding onto the railing.
a person raises their arms shoulder height and then lowers them back to their sides.
person is doing a warm up routine.
a person is making hand gestures.
a person is jumping up and down.
a person sat on something and waved with his right hand
a person walks in a clockwise circle
a person lifts their arms to the side, bends them in front of them, and then extends them outward.
the person is walking in place.
person is walking forward while holding onto a rail with their left hand.
a person is doing warm-up exercises.
a person walks forward, turns and walks back.
a person walks in a complete circle.
a person walks backwards in a straight line.
a person walks forward slowly while holding onto something with their left hand.
a person jogs forward
a person picks up an object, rotates it, and then puts it back down.
a person walks forward and then stops.
a person raised the hands and after put them down
a person walks forward while sitting on a chair.
a person walks forward and then raises their right arm to touch their head, then walks back.
a person holds their arms out to the side, then puts them down.
a person walks backwards slowly
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle.
a person steps forward and reaches out to grab something, then steps back.
person is swimming like a fly.
a person squats with their arms above their head.
a person is picking something up and moving it.
a person walks forward while swinging their arms.
a person sits and raises and lowers their arms
a person walks forward and turns around and walks back.
a person walks in a clockwise circle
a person steps forward, then raises their left arm and waves.
a person steps back and then turns to the left and steps forward.
a person is standing and lifting their arms,
a person takes two steps to the side, then steps back.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person walks forward and stumbles.
a person punches with their right arm, then with their left arm, and then shuffles back and forth.
a person steps forward, then turns and raises their left hand to catch or throw something.
a person steps to the left, grabs something with their left hand, and then turns around and raises their left arm.
a person standing up, brings their left hand up to their face and back down again.
a person walks forward, turns to the left and continues walking.
a person is standing on a balance beam.
a person jogs in place.
a person walks forward, turns around and walks back, sits down and then stands back up.
a person slightly squats and then jumps forward.
a person reaches out to grab something with their right hand, and then with their left hand.
a person walks forward and then stops and stands.
person sits down on ground and then gets back up
a person carefully walks backwards.
a person is standing in place, then makes a small movement with their right arm.
a person walks forward and then stops.
person walks forward picks something up and then walks back
a person leans forward and reaches down with their right hand, then turns around and walks away.
a person walks backwards while their arms are loosely at their side.
a person walks backwards while swinging their arms.
a person throws something with their right hand.
a person walks forward, turns around and walks back.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle.
a person walks in a diagonal from right to left.
a person is dancing with someone
a person walks forward and does a cartwheel.
a person walks forward, raises his hand to his head, then walks back.
a person stands in a martial arts ready position, before taking a few steps back and forward.
a person walks forward at a normal pace.
person picks something up from the right and sets it down on the left.
a person walks forward and bends down.
a person stretches their right arm forward
a person walks forward and turns around.
a person steps backwards while swinging their arms.
a person is using binoculars to look at something.
a person bends slightly forward, looking around.
a person walks forward and then turns around.
a person walks forward and is pushed to the left but does not fall.
a person sits down and then stands back up.
a person is standing still, lifts both hands to their head, and then lowers them back to their sides.
a person is doing jumping jacks.
a person walks forward.
a person walks forward while placing one foot in front of the other.
a person walks forward and raises their arms and hands and then backs up.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person walks forward, turns around and walks back.
a person walks forward and then stops.
a person is leaning forward.
a person walks forward while holding on to something with their left hand.
a person grabbed something with left and right hand and put it somewhere
a person is standing and then bends over, then they stand back up.
the person is doing upper body stretches.
a person walks forward and then turns around and walks away.
a person slowly leans to the left.
a person walks forward and then turns around and walks back.
a person runs in place
a person squats while moving their arms in and out.
a person punches with their right hand.
a person walks forward while holding on to something with their left hand.
a person standing up in place
a person walks forward diagonally.
a person walks forward while holding onto something with his left hand, and then turns around.
a person stands and kicks out with their left leg.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person walks quickly with their arms and legs swinging.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle while holding their arms bent at the elbows.
a person stumbles backwards slightly.
a person is walking and stumbles to their right.
a person does a high kick with their right leg
a person walks forward and stops.
a person lifts both arms above their head and bends them repeatedly
a person raises their hands to their face, then lowers them back to their sides.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person walks in a clockwise circle.
a person walks in a circle.
a person walks forward while holding onto something, then turns around and walks back.
a person gets on their hands and knees.
a person walks up the stairs while holding on to something with their right hand.
a person walks forward, puts their arms out, turns and walks back.
a person throws an item with their right hand.
a person holds their hands out to the side and then in front of them
a person takes a large step diagonally with their right leg.
a person is standing still, then moves to the side.
a person twists and stretches their right arm above their head, then twists their left arm above
a person who is standing with his arms by his sides takes one jumping jack, then stops.
a person walks in a clockwise circle.
a person bends down to stretch and stand back up
a person slowly kicks with their right leg, then with their left leg.
a person slides back and stops.
a person walks in a clockwise circle.
a person runs and jumps forward.
a person is walking on a treadmill.
a person walks forward, stopping in a standing position.
a person steps to the left, turns around and steps back to the right.
a person is squatting and then raises their arms out to the side.
a person sits on the ground and brings both hands together in front of them, then moves them back and forth in a circular motion, then brings them together again.
person is waving hi.
a person bows their head.
a person stands with their hands in front of their face, then they move their hands to their side, and finally they move them back to their original position.
person is crouching and putting their hands on the floor.
a person gestures like they're catching a basketball
a person is pushed backwards
a person moves their left arm in circular motions in front of them.
a person swings their arms in a clockwise circle.
a person is standing in place then steps backwards.
a person walks forward, picks something up and then walks away.
a person throws a left jab with their right arm.
a person walks and then pushes someone away.
a person walks forward and turns around and walks back.
a person reaches down with their right hand and makes a circular motion.
a person takes a step backwards with their right foot.
a person picks up an object with both hands and places it down
a person walks backwards and stops.
a person walks backwards in a straight line.
a person plays a violin.
a person runs and jumps and lands on both feet.
a person is in a fighting stance and throws a right hand then a left hand, then steps back into a fighting position.
a person scratches their head with their right hand.
a person lifts his left leg and balances on his right leg.
a person stands in place and then throws with right hand.
a person walks forward, then turns around and walks back.
a person walks forward and turns around to walk back.
a person bends down to pick something up with their right hand and then stands back up.
a person appears to be dialing a phone.
a person swings their left arm forward
a person brings their hands to their chest and then brings them back down to their sides.
a person opens something with their right hand.
a person walks forward while using their arms to keep their balance.
a person is pushed to the left, but does not fall.
a person walks in a clockwise circle.
a person sits and makes the sign of the cross on their chest
a person walks forward and stumbles.
a person bends down and makes a motion with their right hand as if they were to make a catch.
a person walks forward, turns around and walks back.
a person walks forward while swaying their arms.
a person steps forward, then raises their right arm and points forward.
a person walks forward at a normal pace.
a person runs forward and stops.
a person is waving with their left arm.
a person walks forward and then steps back with their left leg.
a person in a squat position moves their hands around in front of them.
a person stands still and then takes a step to the left.
a person doing karate kicks
a person walks forward and stops.
a man stands facing forward, then punches the air with his left hand and then with his right hand.
a person walks down the stairs while holding onto the railing.
a person standing still and then moving both arms like a tennis match
a person is catching a basketball and then shooting it
a person does a small hop in place.
a person crouches down, then gets up and walks forward, then crouch down again and wal
a person walks forward while holding onto something with their right hand.
a person is standing in place.
a person does a martial arts move.
a person steps forward, raises their left hand and waves, then steps back.
a person is standing still, before putting their hand to their face.
a person is punching the air in front of them with their right and left arm.
a person walks in a circle.
a person does jumping jacks.
a person is flailing their arms while jumping in place
person is walking in a counter clockwise circle
a person walks forward at a normal pace.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle while holding their arms up
a person raises their right arm, then lowers it back down.
a person standing still, doing nothing.
a person waves with their right hand, then makes a gesture with both hands, then waves with just their right arm.
a person jogs in place then walks in a counterclockwise circle.
a person is standing with arms out, then bends down to touch their toes.
a person walking forward at a quick pace.
a person holds their arms up, and moves them in and out.
a person walks forward, placing one foot in front of the other, making a path in the ground.
person is bending down and putting his arms on the ground and then bending over.
a person is standing and moving his right arm up and down.
a person stands with their arms extended, then brings their left hand down and reaches forward with their right hand.
a person walks forward and gets pushed to the left, but then regains their footing and continues to walk forward.
a person walks forward in a straight line.
a person walks forward and then turns around and walks back.
a person raises their arms, bends knees, and jumps up and down.
a person holds their hands up to their face, shoulder height.
a person falls to the right.
a person walks forward and then stops.
a person walks forward and makes the sign of the cross.
a person reaches forward with their left hand to grab something.
a person walks up the stairs.
a person takes a few steps forward.
a person walks in a diagonal to the left then turns around and walks back.
a person standing still, then moving his left hand to his head, then back to his side.
a person puts their arms straight out, then brings them in, then puts them back straight out.
a person steps to the left with their left leg.
person jumps sideways to the left and then to the right
a person is standing still, waving their left arm around.
a person reaches their head with their right hand.
a person walks down stairs while holding onto the railing.
a person steps forward with both feet and raises their hands up to shoulder height.
a person lifts both arms and moves them in and out.
a person walks forward while swaying his arms and then sits down and then stands up.
a person walks forward while raising their arms above their head.
a person picks something up and makes a drink with it.
a person is jumping up and down.
a person holds something in front of their face with their left hand.
a person is punching with their right arm.
a person is doing a russian dance
a person is standing on their knees and then gets up
a person squats slightly with their hands out, then stands back up.
a person walks forward, turns right and walks a few steps.
a person leans forward and extends their right arm, while slightly bending at the waist, making circular motions with their left arm.
the person is standing and making a gesture.
a person walks forward while carrying something with their right hand.
a person walks forward, turns around and walks back.
a person crosses their arms, then raises their arms and puts them back down.
a person walks forward while swinging their arms.
a person throws a right jab.
a person jogs forward and then stops.
a person appears to be gesturing or acting like a human monkey.
a person slowly walks forward and then dances
a person stomps their right foot.
a person walks forward at a fast pace
a person walks forward and turns to the left.
a person is in a defensive position, blocking with both hands.
a person steps sideways back and forth while moving their arms up and down.
a person walks in a clockwise circle.
a person walks in an diagonal while swinging his arms
a person raises their left arm and reaches forward.
the person is doing arm circles.
a person walks in a half circle
a person walks backward in a circle.
a person standing in place waving their arms
a person raises their right hand to their head, then lowers it to their side.
a person squats slightly with their hands up and in front of them.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person is moving something from left to right
a person is moving something with their right hand.
a person walks forward and leans down to grab something off the ground, then they turn around and walk back.
a person holds their hands to their face and looks back and forth.
a person is shaking their arms.
a person holds their arms up and walks to the left.
a person walks forward and puts his hands on something.
a person runs and then stops.
a person swings his arms as if he is a human pendulum
a person holds their arms out and makes rotating circles with their arms.
a person raises their right arm to their head and then lowers it back down to their side.
person walks forward and jumps up and down.
a person holds something up with both hands.
a person steps to the side and then spins.
a person is squatting with their arms out to the sides and then raises them up to shoulder height.
a person walks forward in a straight line
a person walks up some stairs while holding on to the railing.
a person slowly walks forward.
a person is doing upper body stretches.
a person is standing, then leans forward, resting their weight on their legs, before standing back up.
a person takes a step to the left and then back to the right.
a person holds their hands in front of their face and bend slightly to the right.
a person walks forward and then turns around and walks back.
a person holds something up to their face with one hand, then with both hands.
a person does a squat.
a person walks like a monkey, bending down and shuffling their arms and legs.
a person is moving an object from right to left.
a person takes one step to the left, then three steps to the right, then one step back to the middle.
a person is squatting, then puts their arms on their knees.
a person stands in place with both arms loosely at their side.
person steps forward and kicks a ball.
a person walks backward while leaning on their left leg.
the person reaches down to pick something up with their left hand.
the person is walking around the room.
a person shuffles to the left, then to the right, then back to where they started.
a person runs to the left.
a person doing a freestyle swimming stroke.
a person sits down and then gets back up.
a person walks forward, picks up something off the ground, then walks back.
a person walks forward while holding onto something with their right hand.
a person walks in a clockwise circle.
a person walks towards the camera and then turns around and walks away.
a person walks forward and then stops.
a person waves with both hands
a person takes a couple steps back.
a person bends down and picks something up with both hands, then holds the object with both arms extended out to the sides.
a person stands and waves, then puts his left arm behind his back.
a person is jogging in place.
a person walks forward, turns around and walks back.
a person picks up an object from the ground and moves it to the left.
a person stands still, waving with his right arm.
a person walks forward, then turns around to the left.
a person walks to the left, turns to the right and walks back to the starting position.
a person is jogging and then walks back.
a person slowly walks forward.
a person walks backwards in a diagonal
a person has their arms extended out to the side, then brings them down to their side.
a person punches with their right arm
a person is waving with their right hand.
a person sprints slightly to the right.
a person walks forward and turns around.
a person is pushed backwards from the left side.
a person picks something up on their left and moves it to their right.
a person takes a large step diagonally with their right leg
a person walks forward, turns around and walks back.
a person walks forward, turns around and walks back.
a person slowly jumps forward.
a person walks forward, then stops.
a person squats down and picks something up with both hands, then stands back up.
a person walks forward, turns around and walks back.
a person is walking on all fours
a person walks forward, placing one foot in front of the other, while both arms are slightly raised.
a person holds his hands up to his face and moves them back and forth.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person is standing and then is pushed to the right.
a person uses their right hand to unzip their pants and then use their left hand to touch something inside their pant.
a person warms up their left arm by bending it repeatedly.
a person holds their arms out to their sides and bends their knees, then straightens their legs while keeping their arms up.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides confidently takes four steps forward, stops, and then takes four more steps forward.
a person standing still, and then walking forward.
a person is standing still, then is pushed to the right
the person is punching the air with their right arm.
a person stands still then raises their right hand to their head.
a person walks down stairs while holding onto the railing.
a person walks forward, then turns around and walks back.
a person is warming up their arms by rotating their shoulders in circles.
a person walks diagonally to the left.
person is walking around in a circle.
a person does jumping jacks.
person is doing a dance move
a person walks forward while holding onto a rail in their left hand.
a person throws an item with their left hand
a person is acting like a human monkey.
a person walks forward in a straight line.
person walks forward and stumbles to the left
a person walks forward, then turns to the left and walks back.
a person kicks out with their right leg
a person lifts something up and tilts it over, then puts it back down.
a person gets on their hands and knees and crawls forward
person is looking through binoculars
a person steps forward and does a hand gesture with their right hand.
a person walks forward with their hands loosely at their sides.
a person who is running
a person stands still and then takes a step to the right.
a person runs and falls to their hands and knees, before then getting back up and running again.
a person is squatting and then gets up.
person stands facing forward, then turns to the left and climbs up something while holding onto the rail with their left hand, then they turn to the right and climb down the stairs.
a person puts their hand to their heart and looks from side to side.
a person jogs forward then turns left.
a person stands still, then reaches to their left with their right arm, then moves to their right.
a person is patting with their left hand.
a person walks backwards in a straight line.
a person walks forward and stumbles to the right.
a person is doing jumping jacks
a person raises their right arm to shoulder level, then points with their right hand.
a person in squat position raises right hand to head and then back down to thigh.
a person moves their hands in front of them, alternatingly.
a person steps backwards and then walks forward while swinging their arms side to side.
a person walks in a counter clockwise circle.
a person throws a football and then walks backwards.
a person leans forward with their hands in front of their face.
a person throws an item with their right hand, catches the item with both hands, and then throws the item again.
a person slowly walks forward and stops.
a person jogs in place, then jogs to the right, then the left, then back to the center.
a person walks forward and then makes a motion with their right hand as if they are wiping something.
a person walks forward, stops and stands.
a person blocks with both hands
a person kicks a ball
a person bends down and crawls forwards
a person walks in a circle.
a person is dancing with their arms raised.
a person is pushed to the right but does not fall.
a person is standing still, then moves their arms around in a swirling motion
a person holds their arms out to the side, then moves them in front of them.
a person walks forward in a diagonal.
a person walks forward, turns around and walks back.
a person steps to the left and then the right while raising their hands.
a person walks forward and then stops.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person walks forward and sits down.
a person walks forward while keeping their hands on top of something.
a person sits down on the floor and gets back up.
a person does jumping jacks.
a person walks in a circle.
a person sits down and cross legged.
a person walks forward, stumbles, then walks away.
a person walks in a circle.
a person walks forward, stops and then walks back.
a person gets down on their hands and knees and crawls forward.
a person walks forward a few steps
a person is sitting on the floor, and is leaning on their left knee.
a person walks forward and touches something with their right hand, then walks back.
a person walks forward while swinging their arms.
a person takes a big step diagonally with their right leg.
a person is squatting slightly, raising their arms out to the sides.
a person holds their hands together and makes a karate kicking motion with their left leg.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person takes steps forward and makes a mixing motion with their right hand.
a person walks forward a few steps.
a person leans to the left with their right hand outstretched and then leans right with their left hand out.
a person raises their right arm to look at their wrist.
a person walks backwards two steps.
a person walks forward, seemingly in a straight line.
a person walks in a circle
a person steps forward and stumbles to the left, regaining balance and continuing to walk forward.
a person does a jumping jack
a person bends to the right and extends their right arm above their head.
a person walks forward in a straight line.
a person sidesteps to the left then to the right.
a person picks up an object and moves it from one side to another.
a person jogs in place.
a person walks around to the left and sits down on the ground.
a person is wiping down something with their right hand.
a person walks forward and then steps backwards.
a person is balancing on a beam.
a person brings their arms down to their side and then moves them up and down in front of them.
a person gets on their hands and knees and crawls forwards
a person walks forward while leaning on something to their left.
a person picks up an object on their left and moves it to their right.
a person walks and turns to the left.
a person walks forward and to the side.
a person walks forward and holds something with both hands.
the person is in a squat position.
a person gets up from the floor by using their right hand for balance.
a person is jogging and then stops.
a person steps to the left, leans forward, and then steps back.
person picks something up and holds it with both hands then sets it back down
a person has their arms bent, and hands in front of their chest, and then they lean down to the ground, then back up.
a person claps their hands in front of them.
a person raises their hands to their face and then lowers them back down.
a person picks something up with their right hand, then walks forward to wipe something with their left hand.
a person walks forward and then turns around and walks back.
a person does a karate kick.
a person walks forward, turns around and walks back.
a person steps backward with their left leg.
a person walks to the left, then to the right, then back to the center.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person is doing karate kicks
a person punches with their left hand.
a person is hopping side to side.
a person walks forward while holding onto something with their left hand.
a person is moving their arms around.
a person is doing a salsa dance
a person walking forward and stumbling
a person is doing a dance move.
a person walks forward then turns around and jogs back.
a person reaches down and picks up something with their right hand.
a person is wiping with their left hand.
person appears to be moving an object from left to right.
a person walks forward quickly while hunched slightly.
a person raises his right arm and bends it at the elbow, then raises their left arm and does the same.
a person walks down the stairs.
a person uses their left hand to stretch above their head.
a person walks forward with their arms loosely at their sides.
a person is standing still, turns around to the left and walks away.
a person sits on the ground and uses his left hand to hold something up to his head.
a person sits down in a chair, then stands back up.
a person sits down on the floor.
a person does jumping jacks.
a person walks forward diagonally.
person is drinking something.
a person raises their hands to their face.
a person runs forward.
a person does a squat
a person walks forward while swinging their arms.
a person is bent over and shuffling, then stands up and takes a step forward.
a person bends down to stretch.
a person walks forward, then stops.
a person holds their hands up to their face, shaking them back and forth, then raises their left hand and waves.
a person sat on something and lean on something
a person is sitting down and clapping
a person walks forward and gets on their hands and knees.
a person walks in a circle while holding their arms out.
a person catches with their left hand, then throws with their right hand.
a person walks forward, turns around, walks back, and then walks in a clockwise circle.
a person walks forward and then turns around and walks back.
a person walks backwards in a diagonal.
a person walks to the right then turns left to walk back.
a person walks forward and to the left
a person is squatting and moving their arms up and down.
a person holds something up to their head and then lowers it.
a person walks forward and then stops and stands.
a person waves with their right hand.
a person appears to be moving items in front of them
a person walks forward and then stops.
a person throws an uppercut with their left arm.
a person walks forward while holding onto something.
a person turns on a hair dryer.
a person picks up a cup with their left hand, drinks from it, and then sets it back down on a surface.
a person moves his right hand forward in front of him.
a person walks forward, reaches down with their right hand, and makes a wiping motion.
a person is warming up their right leg while balancing on their left.
a person punches upwards with their right arm
person walks forward and stumbles
a person walks forward, and stops.
a person runs forward and then stops.
person is doing a side to side shuffle.
a person steps backward and stumbles to the left.
a person steps forward with their left leg
a person does an arm throw
a person squats slightly, then stands and jumps in the air.
a person takes a large step forward.
a person runs in place
a person jumps in the air
the person is doing warm up stretches.
a person walks forward, spins on their left foot, and walks back.
a person bends down to stretch.
a person walks forward while holding on to somethimg with his right hand.
a person walks forward and then turns around.
a person warms up their arms and shoulders by bending their elbows and waving their arms
a person sits down and holds on to the ground with their right hand.
a person walks in a diagonal, swaying from side to side as they walk.
a person raised the left hand
a person steps forward and then kicks with their left leg.
a person walks forward and then stops.
a person walks in a left-to-right semi-circle.
a person is squatting and lifting weights with both arms.
a person strums a guitar with their right hand.
person sits down on chair
a person blocks with their right hand.
a person sitting down cross legged and then getting back up.
a person hops on one foot in place
a person takes two steps back.
a person leans forward to grab something with their right hand, then turns to the left to make a wiping motion with their left hand.
a person crouching and looking around.
a person swings their arms like a bird
a person leans over and picks up something with their right hand.
a person is walking in a crouching position.
the person is salsa dancing.
a person gets down on their hands and knees and crawls forward.
a person walks forward and to the right.
a person bends down and picks up something with their left hand.
a person puts their hands to their face and then gestures as if they are taking a picture.
a person does jumping jacks
a person reaches forward with both hands, then reaches back with their left hand.
a person leans over and picks something up off the ground, then walks away.
a person jumps up and down two times.
a person with knees bent and arms bent, then raises them up straight out to the sides.
a person picks something up from their right and sets it down on their left
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle
a person raises their arms above their head and leans forward.
a person slowly sways side to side and then bends down to catch their breath.
person walks forward while holding onto something with their right hand.
a person walks up the stairs while holding onto the rail.
person walks forward slowly and carefully
a person punches upwards with their right arm.
person walks with arms out to keep balance.
a person is standing and then throws an item with their right arm.
a person performs a right kick
a person runs forward at a fast pace.
a person walks forward and picks something up off the ground with their right hand.
a person puts their arms up to their chest.
a person lifts weights with their right arm.
a person walks backwards in a straight line
a person takes a step to the left, then walks forward.
a person is doing a dance
a person gets on their hands and knees and crawls forward.
a person doing jumping jacks
a person side steps to the left and then side steps back to the right.
a person is walking and swinging their arms
a person walks in place.
a person is warming up their arms and shoulders
a man jogs in place and then starts to jog backwards.
the person is jogging forward.
a person walks forward in a straight line.
a person walks forward and then turns around.
person is walking in a counter clockwise circle
a person walks forward and then sits down.
a person squats while moving their arms.
a person is mixing something in a bowl.
a person jumps while raising their arms and bending their knees
a person walks backwards, turns and walks forwards.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person takes a few steps backwards.
person picks something up with both hands and moves it to the right.
a person raises their arms above their head, bends at the knees, and then raises them again.
a person walks backwards, then walks forward.
a person walks forward and then stops.
a person steps to the side, puts their hands on their thighs, and bounces their arms up and down.
a person jogs in place
a person slowly walked forward and raised the hand and hit with something
a person stands in place and raises their right arm.
person is kneeling down.
a person holds their arms up and then steps to the side.
a person brings their arms forward, lowers them back to their sides, and then brings their hands to their chest.
a person slowly punches the air with their right hand.
a person walks forward, turns around and walks back.
a person lifts their right leg and kicks out to their left.
a person jogging forward.
a person is doing a warm up routine
a person walks forward, then stops.
a person lifting weights with both arms.
a person walks forward and then stops.
a person jogs on the spot.
a person walks backwards slowly.
a person slowly walks forward, while their shoulders are slightly bent, and their arms are loosely at their sides.
a person is walking around swinging his arms.
a person puts their right arm in front of them.
a person is walking forward and turns around.
a person shakes their arms in the air.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle.
a person is doing upper body stretches.
a person walks forward while waving.
a person holds something above their head and squats slightly.
person is walking like a monkey.
a person walks forward while on their hands and knees, turns around, and walks back while on all fours.
a person grabbed something and put it down
a person is doing jumping jacks.
person stands slightly bent over with hands slightly elevated, then walks backwards and stops.
a person does a quick jumping jack.
a person sits down, then stands back up.
a person stands on their left leg and twists their right leg in different directions.
a person standing and moving left hand around.
a person is doing warm up stretches
a person walks forward and picks up a couple of items to organize and then walks back.
a person holds their hands together and then kicks out with their left leg.
a person is doing chicken wings
person is doing warm up exercises
person is doing jumping jacks
a person walks backwards slowly.
a person with their arms out to their sides, walks in a counterclockwise circle.
a person takes a couple of steps backwards.
a person who is standing with his arms bent, lifts his left arm and makes a short chopping motion, then lowers his arm back down to his side.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle
person walks forward then turns and walks back.
a person is bending down, and then standing up.
a person holds something up to their eyes and then lowers their arms.
a person puts their hand to their head.
a person raises their left arm and waves in front of them.
a person walks forward while slightly swaying his hips.
a person lifts their arms above their head and wiggles around.
a person lifts weights with their right hand.
a person who is standing with his arms bent at the elbow moves his hands as if he were petting an animal.
a person is doing arm stretches.
a person walks forward and stops.
a man paces back and forth.
a person stands in place, then takes a step to the left.
a person walks in a circle
a person walks forward and turns to the right.
a person steps back and sits down.
a person punches with their right arm.
a person holds their arms up at shoulder level and looks from side to side.
a person walks forward, stopping at the edge of the platform.
a person takes a few steps back, then walks forward and turns around to walk back.
a person walks backwards
a person raises his right hand above his head.
a person walks in a diagonal, then turns around and walks back.
a person lifts his right hand to his face.
a person has both arms bent, then lifts them out to the side, then back to bent position
a person is doing jumping jacks.
person is stretching their back and raising their left and right arm
a person is sitting and then gets up.
a person takes a couple steps back.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person raises their arms and makes a circular motion
a person walks forward, turns and walks back
a person is swimming like a fly.
a person walks forward, picks something up, and then walks backwards.
a person is swimming.
a person is sitting down and moving both arms.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person is kneeling down
a person stands up from a sitting position.
a person raises his right arm to his head.
a person stands bent over, lifts their left arm, and makes several rotating circles with their left hand.
a person walks up steps while holding onto a rail.
a person walks forward and appears to wash a dog.
a person walks forward and trips
a person is throwing an uppercut with their right hand.
a person walks in an anti clockwise circle
a person bows forward once, then takes a step back and bows again.
a person is praying.
a person is walking and then turns to the right.
a person kicks a ball with their right foot.
a person in a squat position moves their hands in front of them, as if playing an imaginary piano.
a person walks forward in a straight line.
a person walks forward and then turns around and walks back.
a person takes a small step forward.
a person has their arms straight out, then puts them down.
a person turns around and holds his hands out in front of him.
a person sits down and brings their hands together on their lap.
a person kicks a ball with their left leg.
a person walks in a diagonal with his hands outstretched, and then turns around.
a person is posing as if they are a model.
person standing in place then waving with right hand.
a person steps backwards and walks forward, turning to the left.
a person is standing in place and then raises their left arm to their head and waves.
a person is lifting a dumbbell with their right hand.
a person walks forward and then stops.
a person who is standing with his arms by his sides takes one step forward.
a person is doing jumping jacks.
a person is standing in a t-pose.
the person is doing a karate kick.
a person is waving to an audience
a person holds their arms up and moves them in and out.
a person walks in a clockwise circle
a person walks forward and then turns to their right
a person walks in a half circle to the right, turns around and walks back to where they started from.
a person walks forward, turns around and walks back
a person reaches their arms out to their sides, then kneels down.
a person sprints forward quickly.
a person leans over to touch something with their right hand, then walks back and touches something with both hands.
a person puts both hands on their head.
a person stands with feet shoulder width apart and hands up to head height, bent at the elbow, shoulder width from shoulder to shoulder. the person rotates his left hand in a clockwise direction and his right hand in an anti-clockwise direction.
a person squats slightly, then takes a jump forward.
a person stands in place with their hands on their knees, then raises them to their face and back to their kne
a person is doing a dance move.
a person walks up the stairs while holding onto the rail.
a person walks forward and then back.
a person walks forwards and then gets on their hands and knees.
a person walks forward and picks something up off the ground, then walks back.
a person reaches out in front of them with their right arm and then brings their arm back down to their side.
a person does a cartwheel.
a person squats and raises their left arm while holding something with their right arm.
a person jumps vertically, with arms and legs spread and arms pointed upwards.
a person is doing the warm up exercise
a person throws a baseball with his right hand.
person stands and takes a few steps forward.
a person steps to the right then picks up an object and walks back to the left.
a person scratches their head with their right hand.
a person walks forward and turns around to walk back.
a person lifts both arms up, bending them inwards and outwards.
a person lifts up their right hand and swings it back and forth several times.
a person leans forward on their right leg, turns to the left, and then back to the right.
person crosses arms on chest then lowers arms to side
a person steps back and sits down, placing their hands on their knees.
a person holds something up to their face, and then steps back.
a person walks forward, stops, then jogs forward.
a person is doing a warm up dance.
person is walking forward and then doing a push recovery stand
a person is doing arm circles.
a person with knees bent, lifts their arms shoulder height, then puts them back down to their knees.
a person walks forward and squats to pick something up off the ground, then walks back.
a person takes one step forward and one step to the left.
a person uses their right hand to stir something.
a person has their arms extended out to their sides, and then brings them down and in front of them, bending at the knees, and raising their hands above their head.
a person walks forward while raising their arms above their head.
a person squats slightly to the left, then gets up and moves to the right.
person is doing john.
a person walks to the left then walks back to the right
a person walks forward while holding onto something with their left hand.
a person jumps up and down.
a person walks forward swinging their arms casually.
a person is standing and catching an object with both hands, and then throws the object back with their right hand.
a person shakes their arms, then puts their arms up, and then puts them down.
a person walks forward and sets something down
a person holds their hand to their chest and then moves their arm in a circular motion.
a person walks forward at a normal pace.
a person leans forward and extends their arms out to stretch their back and shoulders, then leans back and extends the arms out again.
a person raised the arms and made a warm up
a person walks forward and bends down to pick something up with their left hand.
a person walks in a quarter circle to the left.
person is doing a handstand.
a person stands in place while moving arms in circular motion.
a person is praying with their hands in front of their face.
the person is standing and holding something.
a person is crouching down and moving their hands around.
a person is hunched over and moving around.
a person steps backwards while bending over, then stands up.
a person waves with their left arm and then waves with both arms.
a person walks forward, turns around, and walks back.
a person lifts something with both hands, shifts it to the side, and then puts it back down.
a person walks forward and to the side.
a person raises their right hand in the air and stretches their body to the left
a person walks in a diagonal, turns and walks back.
a person walks forward and turns around to walk back.
a person sits down cross legged and then stands back up.
a person holds their hands up and moves them around.
a person stumbles to the right.
a person walks in a clockwise circle.
a person raises their right arm and gestures as if they are dialing a phone.
a person walks forward, turns around and walks back.
a person does jumping jacks.
a person walks forward and to the side
a person raises their left arm and moves it in front of them.
a person is doing yoga
a person is standing and then turns to sit down on the ground.
a person is picking up an object with their right hand and moving it from side to side
a person waves with their right hand.
a person raises their right arm and puts their head in their right hand and scratches their scalp
a person is sitting down and waving with their left arm.
a person leans over and picks something up with their right hand, and then they hold it in their right arm and reach out with their left arm to pick something up
a person sits down and gets up
a person is punching the air.
a person walks forward and then stops.
a person bends at the knees and hops up and down three times.
a person walks forward while waving
a person bounces up and down with their hands in front of them, then bends down and throws something with their right hand.
a person does jumping jacks.
a person throws a punch with their left hand.
a person walks in a quarter circle to their left.
a person walks and turns to the right
a person stands with both arms bent, slightly in front of their body, then straightens their left arm while bending their right, and then back to a bent position.
a person steps backward and stumbles.
a person steps to the side, sits down, and then gets back up.
a person lifts both arms to shoulder height and then lowers them to their sides, then raises both arms again, palms up, as if they are reaching for something above.
a person holds their hands up and makes a circular motion.
a person stands with arms extended outward, brings them inward, then extends them upward.
a person runs and stops.
a person walks in a counter clockwise circle.
a person moves something with their right hand.
a person is standing still, then waving with their arms bent, then standing still.
a person raises their left arm and waves their hand in the air.
a person walks forward and to the left.
a person walks forward and then stops.
a person is squatting down and then standing back up.
a person checks the watch on their right hand.
a person stands still with arms at their sides, and then they turn to their right.
a person turns in a counterclockwise circle while hunching over slightly.
a person runs in place.
a person holds their arms up and waving them down and back up.
a person is doing the chicken dance
a person is standing and then puts his right arm up.
person is standing in place with hands near face then moves forward and back.
a person is standing and stretching.
a person throws their arms up in the air.
person is walking around and getting on the ground.
person holds something up to their face.
a person holds their hands up to their face and then lowers them back down to their sides.
a person does jumping jacks.
a person runs forward then stops.
a person raises their right hand to their head and then lowers it back down to their side.
a person is jumping in place.
a person moves side to side while swinging their arms.
a person squats and jogs in place
a person holds their hands out to the side of them and kicks their left leg forward.
a person walks forward and then stumbles to the right
a person standing on the ground, shifts their weight from one leg to another.
a person sidesteps to the left.
a person claps once, then walks forward and sits down on the ground.
a person slowly jumps up and down while stretching their arms above their head
a person kicks at the air with his left leg.
a person holds both arms together and then moves them in and out.
a person holds their left arm out, then makes small rotating motions with their left hand.
a person is standing in place then puts both hands together then puts them back down
a person is standing and moving their left arm.
a person is doing warm up exercises.
a person swings their right arm like they are cleaning a window
a person bends down and stretches
a person is jogging in place
a person is moving his left hand in front of him.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle while carrying something.
a person is shaking his arms like a bird.
a person walks forward and turns to their right, then walks back.
a person walks up a stair.
a person walks around the room while swinging their arms.
a person stands in a t-pose
a person kicks the ball with their right leg.
a person walks forward while holding onto something with his right hand.
a person spins their arms in a circle, and then spins in place while making a circle with their arms.
a person walks forward and is pushed to the left but does not fall.
a person walks to the left, then back to the right, then turns around and walks back to their original position.
a person walks forward while swaying their arms.
a person punches with his right hand.
a person walks down stairs holding on to the railing with their left hand.
a person walks in a counter clockwise circle.
a person walks in a diagonal while swinging their arms.
a person stretches by bending at the waist and reaching forward and back
a person is standing still, then they put their arms on something in front of them.
a person slowly walks forward while using their left hand to hold on to something.
a person is sitting down and then puts their hands together
a person takes a step back.
a person is shadow boxing.
a person stands still and then takes a step to their left.
a person lifts their arms towards their chest, bending their elbows.
a person is doing leg kicks.
a person jumps up and down with both arms extended
a person raises his right arm, looks around, then sets it back down.
a person stands up and walks in a counterclockwise circle.
a person runs in place
a person hops up and down on their right leg.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person takes two steps forward.
a person walks forward, sits down and then stands back up.
a person holds their hands to their face and then lowers them back to their sides.
a person walks forward while holding onto a rail with their right hand.
a person walks in a diagonal
a person walks forward and then sits down on the ground.
a person takes a big step to the left.
a person appears to be moving something with both hands.
the person is running slightly to the left.
a person is walking forward and then throwing a football.
a person steps backward with their left leg.
a person walks forward while turning to the left.
a person walks forward and jumps backwards, then walks back and jnps forwards.
a person kneels down.
a person walks forward while swinging their arms.
a person walks forward while swinging their arms side to side.
a person brings both hands together and then kicks their feet out in front of them.
person is doing a handstand
a person holds their arms out and then puts them down.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person standing on their right leg lifts their left leg and bends it at the knee and hip while leaning to their right.
a person walks forward and picks something up off the ground.
a person leans down and picks something up from the ground with their right hand, walks forward, and then turns around.
a person walks in a clockwise circle while holding something.
a person is jogging in place
a person standing in place, punching up and down.
a person walks forward and to the left.
a person reaches forward with their right hand, and moves the hand in a circular motion, then reaches down and picks something up with the right hand.
a person walks to the right then to the left.
a person is pantomiming swimming
a person walks forward and stumbles to the right and left.
a person raises his arms and bends down to throw a football.
a person walks forward and picks something up
person is facing forward and slightly bent over, leaning on something with their left hand.
a person swings their arms back and forth
a person jogs in place.
person walks forward jumps up and then walks back.
a person sprints forward.
a person lifts his right arm to his head.
a person scratches their head with their left hand.
a person does jumping jacks.
person holds something up to their face
a person is pushed from behind and stumbles forward.
a person has their arms raised and moves them around in a circle while standing on their feet.
a person is balancing on their right leg.
a person crosses their arms on their chest.
a person walks forward and picks something up with their right hand.
a person takes something and sets it on the ground and makes a gesture with their hands.
a person claps once and then puts their arms down
a person walks forward, turns to the left and walks back.
a person puts both hands on their face and appears to pray or make a wish
a person takes small steps while holding on to something with their right hand, walking forward and then back.
a person raised the hand and started to dance
a person walks in a counter clockwise circle.
a person is moving his hands like he is swimming.
a person walks forward while swaying their arms
a person walks forward and turns to their left.
a person jumps up and down while moving forward.
a person walks forward and picks up something with both hands and then walks backwards
a person is doing a squat.
a person is doing a right leg kick
a person stands, then raises his right arm, then puts it back down.
a person checks their watch on their right hand.
a person is standing still, turns to the right, and walks forward.
a person walks in a circle, pauses, then walks back to their original position.
a person takes a few steps forward.
a person holds their hands up and turns to the side, then they turn to the front and lower their hands.
a person walks forward and then back.
a person walks forward while placing his left hand on a surface for balance.
a person slowly gets up from the floor and then does a squat
a person dances with their arms out and hands up.
the person is walking forward.
a person paces back-and-forth
a person walks forward at a moderate pace.
a person swings both arms like a golf club, then makes a putting motion with their left arm.
a person is pushed to the left
a person lifts their left hand to their face, holds it for a moment, then lowers it back down to their side.
person walks forward and bends down to pick something up
a person is standing still and then puts their hand to their face.
a person walks in a clockwise circle
a person walks forward and then turns around and walks back.
a person walks to the left then turns to the right and walks in a complete circle
a person holds their arms up, steps back and forth and then holds their hands out in front of them.
a person shakes their left hand, and then moves their right hand up and down.
a person is jogging in place.
a person walks forward, turns left and walks back.
a person walks forward and then turns around and walks back.
a person waves with both hands
a person slowly walks forward and then stops and lifts their arms out to the sides.
a person lifts their right arm and waves.
a person is flailing arms and body around.
a person walks forward, stumbles, and then continues walking.
a person steps forward, leans to the left, and steps backwards.
a person walks in a counter clockwise circle.
a person puts their hands on their knees and then stands up.
a person blocks with their left arm.
a person holds their arms up to their head.
a person walks forward at a medium pace.
a person is walking and stumbles to their left
person leans down and gets up
a person jogs forward, then kicks the ball with their left leg.
a person walks forward, slightly bent at the knees.
a person hops in place three times, then spins in place counterclockwise twice.
a person walks forward, stops, then walks back.
a person does a martial arts kicking motion
person is getting down on their knees.
a person raises their hands and rotates their torso from side to side.
person bends down and picks up something, appears to be feeling it and then sets it back down.
a person jogs back and forth
a person walks forward and stops.
a person makes a motion of throwing something heavy on the left side and then reaching for something on the right side.
a person walks forward and picks something up.
a person lifts both hands to their face.
a person is drinking from a cup
a person walks forward at a fast pace.
a person lifts something with both hands, then tilts it to the left.
a person walks in a counter clockwise circle.
a person grabbed something and hanged it
a person walks forward while swinging their arms.
a person takes a few steps forward and then staggers backwards.
a person raises their left arm above their head, and then puts it back down to their side.
a person does a ballet dance.
a person raises their hands and puts them down.
a person moves around and stumbles.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person gets on their hands and knees.
a person squats down and then stands back up.
a person walks forward, makes the cross sign on their chest, and then walks back.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person jumps up and down twice.
a person checks the time on their watch
a person jumps forward.
a person sits down and gets up.
a person runs forward and then stops.
a person bends down and picks up something on their left and then moves it to their right.
the person is walking forward and then turns around and walks back.
a person walks forward and turns to the right and walks again.
a person takes one step to the left.
person sits down on a chair
a person sits down on the floor cross legged.
a person walks forward and jogs a few steps.
a person sits and uses both arms to wipe something in front of them.
a person picks up an object and makes a phone call
a person sprints and then turns around and jogs.
a person puts their arms out to their side and then raises them up and down.
a person walks forward and then turns around and walks back.
a person walks forward and sits down.
a person walks forward and turns around.
a person raises both arms above their head and then brings them back down.
a person jumps up and down and swings his arms around.
a person walks up stairs, turns around and walks down stairs.
a person stretches their left leg in a kicking motion
a person dances energetically with arms and legs moving.
person holds hands together near chest and then moves hands in front of chest.
a person walks forward, then steps over something.
a person lifts their left hand above their head and holds it there.
a person hops in place twice.
a person is doing a jumping jack.
a person kicks with their left leg, then walks backwards and kicks again with their right leg.
a person raises both hands to their face, and then lowers them back to their sides.
a person claps their hands and then lowers them back to their sides.
a person reaches forward with both hands, moving them around as if they were in front of a control panel.
a person walks in a clockwise circle.
person is walking forward while holding onto something with their left hand.
a person walks diagonally in a diagonal to the left.
a person picks up an object off the ground with their right hand and sets it down again
a person stands facing down, leans over, and then stands back up.
a person does a dance move where they swing both arms while moving forward and then back.
a person squats down.
a person is standing in place.
person is flapping their wings
a person takes a few steps forward, before stopping.
a person walks forward and turns right and walks back.
a person is making circles with both hands, and then makes a circle with just their left hand.
a person leans to the left.
person walks to the right and then turns to the left and walks forward
a person reaches down with his right hand to touch something on the ground, then stands back up.
a person walks forward and then turns around and walks back.
a person walks forward and slightly to the left.
a person walks forward, turns around and walks back.
a person reaches down with both hands, one on top of the other, then makes a twisting motion with their left hand to the right
a person lifts their left arm above their head, bends it slightly, and then lifts it above their right arm.
a person reaches their head to the right then to the left, then they stand up.
a person standing and lifting something with their left arm.
a person walks forward and then turns to the left.
a person walks backwards and kicks with their right foot, then walks forward and kills with their left foot.
a person is clapping their hands.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person is walking up stairs while holding onto the rail with their right hand.
a person raises their arms up and down while shaking their upper body.
a person shuffles backward.
a person does a jumping jack.
a person holds their hands up, making a boxing stance, then walks backwards, making small, quick steps.
a person is standing still, then waving with their right arm.
a person does a jumping jacks.
person is doing a warm up stretch.
person is playing violin
a person walks forward, turns around, and walks back.
a person is jumping rope.
a person walks forward, then stops.
a person leans over and touches something with their right hand.
a person is pushed to the ground and then steps back
person raises both hands, makes small circles and then puts arms back to sides.
a person walks forward, stops, and walks backwards.
person stumbles to the left but regains balance
a person walks up some stairs while holding onto a rail with their left hand.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person is jogging in place
a person standing still then placing hands together and then bringing hands to chest then back to hands together position and then back down to sides.
a person walks forward at a normal pace.
a person walks forward and then turns and walks in a counter clockwise circle.
a person walks forward and then stops.
a person spins in place, and then does a karate kick with their right leg.
a person walks forward, turns around and walks back.
a person walks forward and turns around and sits on the floor.
a person swings their arms in front of them and backwards, then does a dance.
a person side-steps to the left, then side-stops to the right.
a person is standing in place then kicking their right leg out.
a person walks forward while swinging their arms and then walks back.
a person slightly bends his knees and then jumps forward.
a person walks forward and moves an object with their right hand.
a person is walking backwards.
a person jogs back-and-forth in place.
a person gestures with their arms.
person is waving and then stops
a person takes a large step to their right
a person walks forward and then turns around and walks back.
a person walks forward while holding onto a rail with his right hand.
a person walks forward slowly while bending down.
a person grabbed something with his left hand and hanged on something
a person walks forward and to the side.
person walks forward and picks something up with right hand then walks back
a person walks forward and turns around.
a person runs forward a few steps
a person is wiping something down.
a person does a tennis match with their right arm.
a person standing in place, then looks to the right
a person walks forward, turns left, and then walks back.
a person walks forward while holding onto a handrail in their left hand.
a person swings both arms forward.
a person turns the upper body and raises the left hand.
a person makes a motion as if they are fishing
a person is jogging forward.
a person is crouching and making the motion of opening something
a person is waving with their right hand.
a person takes a step forward, then swings their right arm in a counterclockwise circle.
a person takes two steps forward, then turns around and walks back, raising their left arm in the process.
a person walks forward and kicks something.
a person raises their arms up and down, bending at the elbows, and then jumps up and turns around.
person jumps forward while swinging arms back and forth.
person stands slightly bent at the waist with arms outstretched
a person stands facing forward, then takes a step back and to the left, then turns to the right to face the opposite direction.
a person slowly bends at the waist with their right hand in front of them, before moving their right arm from side to side.
a person crouches and walks in a diagonal.
a person checks the watch on their left hand.
a person is warming up their arms by bending them in and out.
a person holds their arms out in front of them and then brings their hands together to their chest.
a person is in a squat position while their right arm moves around.
a person is waving with their right hand.
person is jogging in a circle
person is waving hello.
a person walks forward, turns to the left, and walks again.
a person is squatting down and shaking.
a person walks forward, stops, and then turns around and walks back.
a person jogs in place.
a person appears to be cooking with their right hand.
a person walks forward while holding onto something with their left hand.
a person is sitting down, then stands up.
a person picks up a scrubber and scrubs something with their left arm.
a person stands in place and lifts his left hand to his head, then lowers it back to his side.
a person turns around and steps back.
a person walks forward and then puts their arms on something, leans forward, and then walks back.
a person steps forward, picks up a hose, then turns on the water and begins to wash something
a person stands in place while moving both arms around in front of them.
a person walks backwards with their arms out
a person walks forward, turns around and walks back.
a person is squatting and then lifts their arms out to the side
a person walks forward and stumbles to the right.
a person raised the hands and started to swing
a person jogs in place
a person is making the cross sign on their chest and forehead
person is moving something
a person walks forward and stops.
a person standing still, then swaying slightly.
a person jogs in place.
a person walks forward swinging their arms casually.
a person holds something to their face and appears to make small rotating motions.
a person sidesteps to the right then to the left
a person walks forward while swinging their arms.
a person walks forward, stops, and walks back.
a person walks forward, raises their right arm and looks around, then walks back.
a person takes a step forward, then crouches, then takes another step forward.
a person is doing upper body warm up.
a person walks forward.
a person is playing a violin.
a person raises their right arm and then puts them back down.
person is waving their arms above their head.
a person punches with their right hand.
a person holds their head in pain.
a person jumps and spins around.
a person walks forward and picks something up from the ground with their left hand.
person steps forward and makes a phone call
a person is doing a kicking motion with their right leg.
a person moves something from left to right.
person is jogging back-and-forth.
a person is punching with their right hand.
a person jumps in place twice
a person kicks their right leg up and out.
a person walks forward and then turns around to walk back.
person walks forward and stops
a person checks the watch on their right hand.
a person raises his left hand above his head and wiggles his waist.
a person walks forward and then stops and stands.
a person shuffles to the right.
a person is walking in a circle while moving their arms.
person is leaning over touching their toes.
a person walks forward and to the left.
a person does upper body warm up stretches.
a person warms up their arms.
a person lifts their left arm up over their head.
a person is pushed to the right but does not fall.
a person slowly jumps up and down.
a person walks forward while swinging their arms side to side.
a person is throwing a disc
a person stands in a t-pose.
person picks something up with right hand then leans forward to touch something with left hand.
a person punches with their right hand
a person picks up an object with their right hand and moves it from side to side.
a person scratches their head with their right hand.
a person is making the motion of washing the windows.
a person bends his arms inward and upward and bends them back down and inward.
a person sits down on the floor.
a person walks very slowly forward.
a person checks the watch on their left arm.
a person standing still then puts their arms out
a person walks in a quarter circle to the left.
a person shuffles back and forth while making small jumps.
a person stands in place while raising and lowering their arms, then turns to the left and does the same
a person scratches their head with their right hand.
a person standing in place with arms slightly out and then stretching right arm above head.
a person takes a large step with their right leg.
a person stumbles to the left and then stumb
a person is doing upper body stretches.
a person walks forward while holding on to something.
a person holds their hands up to their face, then lowers them back to their sides.
a person jogs forwards and stops.
a person walks forward, turns around and walks back.
a person runs in place.
a person bends over and picks something up with their right hand.
a person walks forward and sits down and gets up and walks away.
a person walks forward and then jumps.
person is mixing something with their right hand
a person holds their arms out, then puts them back down.
a person does a jumping jack.
a person warms up by marching in place, moving their arms and legs, and shuffling in a clockwise circle.
a person standing still, puts their left arm down and then raises their left hand to shoulder level.
a person walks forward, then stumbles, then turns around and walks back.
a person gets on the ground and crawls around.
a person moves his left arm in a circular motion in front of him.
a person sidesteps to the left and then to the right
a person jogs in a circle.
a person takes two steps forward, then stops.
a person steps slightly to the left.
the person is doing the warm up
a person jumps up and down with arms out.
person is doing upper body stretches.
a person stirring something with their right hand.
a person sitting down on the ground.
a person is standing in place and slightly moving their legs and arms.
a person lifts their hands to their chest, bends their left arm, and then bends both arms.
a person turns around and walks backwards.
a person jumps up and down with arms and legs flailing.
person is stirring something
a person raises their hands to their face.
a person stands still and then reaches out with their right hand.
a person holds their hands up in front of their face, and then makes a punching motion with their left hand.
a person walks and steps over something.
a person steps back with their right leg and extends their right arm out.
a person bends down to feel something in front of them.
a person lifts both hands to shoulder level, holds them for a moment, then lowers them back down to their sides.
a person puts their hands on their knees and then puts their arms out in front of them and bends over repeatedly.
a person punches upward with their right hand.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person takes a few steps back.
a person is clapping their hands.
a person is doing a right leg kick
a person does a left leg kick
a person is standing still and then takes a small step forward.
a person cross legged sits down then stands back up
person stands still and then puts hand to face
a person is standing, then takes a step to the left.
a person sits down on the ground and puts their feet in front of them.
a person walks forward while swaying their arms in a confident manner.
a person is warming up.
a person walks forward and steps over an object.
a person takes a large step diagonally to the left.
a person walks back and falls to the floor.
a person is standing, reaches down with their right hand, then raises their right arm and makes a gesture with their left hand.
a person kicks their left leg out in front of them.
the person is moving something with their right hand.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person crosses their arms over their chest.
a person crouches down and picks something up with their right hand.
a person picks something up and sets it down
a person stands in a t-pose and then stretches their back by bending down.
a person turns and waves their arms.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle.
a person walks forward then stops.
a person walks forward at a normal pace.
a person makes a forward and backward motion with both arms.
a person steps sideways to the right.
a person is doing arm circles
a person is doing exercises with his right and left hand.
a person walks forward while casually swinging their arms, then turns around and walks back.
a person throws with his right hand then catches with both hands.
a person slowly throws punches with their right and left hand.
a person steps back and sits down.
a person is riding a motorcycle.
a person walks forward and leans on their left hand as if they were pushed from behind.
a person punches the air with their left hand.
person gets down on all fours and crawls forwards
a person walks forward and turns around.
a person sits down on the floor and puts their hands on their knees.
a person walks in a quarter circle to their left.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle.
person walks forward, turns around and walks back
a person lifts his left arm up to his head.
a person throws something with their right hand
person is walking very slowly and hunched over.
a person takes two steps forward, then two steps to the left, then takes three steps back, and finally takes one step to the right.
a person kicks out their right leg and balances on their left.
a person raises their right arm and then lowers it back down.
a person steps back and sits down, then gets back up.
a person standing up, shaking their arms, then putting them back down at their side.
a person stands still and then reaches forward with their right hand.
a person walks forward then turns around and walks back.
a person walks forward while holding on to something with their left hand.
a person leans down and picks something up
a person walks forward with their arms out.
a person pours something from left to right.
a person squats down with their arms outstretched.
a person holds their hands to their face and then lowers them back down to their sides.
a person walks forward while holding on to something with their right hand.
a person walks backwards slowly.
a person stands with arms out from the sides, leaning forward slightly, and then raises their right arm up to the side of their head.
a person jumps and turns clockwise 90 degrees.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person sits down and then stands back up.
a person lifts both arms and shakes them in front of them.
a person slowly jumped backwards
a person walks forward and takes a large step.
a person walks up the stairs while holding on to something.
a person uses their right hand to salute
a person is sitting down then gets up to walk away
a person is hopping on their left foot.
a person walks in a diagonal, swinging their arms and shoulders, before turning around and walking back.
a person takes a step forward.
a person raises and lowers their arms in front of them.
a person balancing on their left foot, while their right foot is behind them.
a person jogs in place
a person bends down to pick up a cup with their left hand, then walks backwards.
a person claps with their arms straight out to the sides, then walks to the left and sits down on the ground.
a person stands and waves with their left hand.
a person steps forward and makes a tennis match gesture.
a person swings his right arm forward and then back.
a person steps to the side and lifts his arms up.
a person acts as if they are a bartender, making drinks and serving them.
a person throws a football.
a person walks up steps while using the railing.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person punches with his left arm, then punch with his right arm
a person standing and then moving both arms in a circular motion.
a person is on their hands and knees.
person takes a large step forward
a person puts both arms in the air, shoulder height, then lowers them back down.
a person standing still, shifts his weight to his right leg.
a person walks forward and turns to the left
a person walks around with their arms extended to the sides of their body.
a person leans to their left, then walks forward and turns to the right and walks back.
a person throws their hand forward and then puts them back down.
a person stands still, then moves arms up and down in a circular motion, and then jogs in place.
a person raises his right hand above his head
a person walks in a clockwise circle.
a person is making gestures with their hands and holding their face.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person walks backwards, stops, and then walks back forwards.
a person walks forward and turns around and walks back.
a person is bending down and moving their hands around.
a person walks forward slowly while holding on to something.
a person stirs something with their right hand.
a person holds their right leg up and kicks out, then holds their left leg up
a person doing jumping jacks
a person standing up and moving arms up and down.
a person sits down and then stands back up.
a person does a ballet twirl.
a person squats with their arms bent, then lifts them out to the side.
a person walks forward and then stops.
a person is doing a high kick with their right leg
a person is standing and making the cross sign on their chest.
a person walks forward and to the side.
a person walks in a diagonal
a person holds their hands up to their face.
a person is doing karate kicks.
a person stands with arms extended to the side, then lowers them, then moves them in front of them in a circular motion.
a person raises their right hand to their head and then walks backward.
a person walks in a clockwise circle.
a person walks forward, while leaning on something with their left hand.
a person steps back and forth while crossing their legs and then crouches down and moves forward.
a person is jumping up and down with arms above their head.
a person walks forward while bending down, then stands up.
a person walks in a clockwise circle.
a person walks up some stairs while holding onto a rail with their right hand.
a person walks forward and then stops.
a person walks in a clockwise circle while swinging their arms around
a person is performing a karate kick.
a person walks forward, grabs something with their left hand, then walks backwards and sets it down.
person appears to be moving something from right to left
a person is performing a basketball move.
a person walks forward while holding on to something with their right hand, then turns around and walks back.
a person is standing still and then takes a small step to the left.
person stands facing forward and moves hands from their stomach to their side
a person is pushed from behind
a person dances with their partner.
a person stands with arms bent and hands on thighs, then moves arms out to shoulder level.
a person walks forward and picks up an object with their left hand, they stir the object, then pour it in a container with their right hand.
a person walks forward, then squats and walks back.
a person shuffles side to side.
a person is standing still and swaying.
a person swings their right hand in a upwards motion
a person walks forward, turns to the left and walks a bit further.
a person steps backward one step.
a person walks forward and then stops.
person is bending down and wiping something.
a person jogs in place
a person does a ballet dance
a person walks forward in a straight line.
a person walks to the right, then turns around and walks back to the left.
a person walks up to a door, knocks, and then walks away.
a person steps backward a few steps
a person is doing the salsa dance.
a person walks forward and turns to the left.
a person jogs in place before running to the left and then back to the right.
a person sprints forward quickly.
a person walks forward and then turns around and walks back.
a person raises their left arm to their mouth slowly.
a person is pushed from behind but does not fall.
a person walks forward with his arms up.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle
a person with one arm raised, then lowers it back down.
the person is doing a tennis match.
a person walks forward and turns to the left.
a person slowly walks forward.
a person is jumping vertically, then starts to jump vertically and bend the knees.
person walks forward, leans down and picks up an object off the ground and continues to walk forward.
the person is doing shoulder lifting exercise.
a person is moving something in front of them.
a person jumps in place.
a person is squatting down with their hands out in front of them
a person is doing warm up exercises.
a person walks forward while holding something with their right hand.
person walks backwards and then kneels down and walks forward
a person walks forward while using their left hand to balance on something.
a person on their hands and knees slowly crawls forward.
a person takes a step forward with their left leg.
a person does starjumps
person runs forward, turns around and walks back.
a person raises both hands and extends them forward and back.
a person walks forward while holding onto something with their right hand.
a person squats down and puts their hands on their knees.
a person kicks their left leg out in front of them
a person walks forward while moving their arms in a pounding motion.
the person walks forward and turns around.
a person checks the watch on their right hand.
a person picks something up and puts it down
a person is doing a ballet dance
a person raises his arms and bends his elbows as if he is waving.
a person sidesteps to the left and then sidesteeps to the right
a person holds their head in their hands and appears to be hurting.
a person puts their arms on something and then turns to the right.
a person is pacing back-and-forth.
a person raises their arms and moves them around.
a person walks forward and turns around
a person is standing and then bows
a person waves with his right arm
a person walks forward and leans on something with their left hand.
a person leans forward to pick something up with their right hand.
a person squats down and then jumps straight up
a person is pushed to the left and then steps to the right.
a person has their arms bent, shifting from side to side, while moving their upper body slightly back and forth.
a person throws a football.
a person walks forward, turns around and sits, then gets back up and walks away.
a person takes one step to the left.
a person is scratching their head with their left hand.
a person walks forward while carrying something on their back.
a person walks forward while holding onto something with their right hand.
a person walks forward, turns around and walks back.
a person is doing arm circles.
a person squats and moves their hands around.
a person raises their right arm and hits the ground
a person is jogging in place.
a person is standing and stretching their back.
a person lowers their arms from a t position and then makes the cross sign on their chest
a person walks forward, puts their hands on something, and then walks back.
a person raises both hands to their head and then lowers them back to their sides.
a person walks forward, then walks back to the right, then to the left, then back to their original position.
a person walks forward while holding onto something with their left hand.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person holds something up to their face, they look from side to side, and then they put the object down.
a person is warming up their back and legs by moving their arms in and out.
a person is moving their arms in front of them.
a person holds both arms in front of their chest, and throws something down to the ground.
a person holds their arms up and alternates swinging their left and right arm in front of them.
a person is in a crawl position, then stands and begins to walk.
a person is moving their arms and hips while standing in place.
a person walks forward, reaches down to pick something up and then continues to walk forward.
a person walks forward and then turns around and walks back to their original spot.
a person walks forward and slightly to the left.
a person walks forward in place.
a person walks forward and then turns around and walks back.
a person holds something with their right hand, then walks backwards
a person lifts both arms, palm up, to shoulder level, then lowers them back down to their sides.
a person picks something up and moves it to the left.
a person picks up something and then sets it back down.
a person is standing still with their hands slightly elevated, then they slightly bend their left knee and raise their left hand as if they were to high-five.
a person standing in place and moving their arms.
a person walks forward, bends down, and then walks back.
a person walks forward.
a person walks forward while swinging their arms.
a person is standing and then throws their hand out in front of them.
a person is standing on their left leg, lifts their right leg, and kicks out their left foot.
a person squats and then walks.
a person walks forward while holding onto a handrail with their left hand.
a person is stretching his right arm.
a person walks forward and steps over something with their right leg.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person walks forward and picks up an object from the ground with their left hand, they then stir the object with their right hand.
person is wiping with their arms straight out to the side
person walks forward in a diagonal
a person picks something up with both hands, rotates it clockwise, and then puts it back down.
a person stands with their left arm bent and their right arm bent, and then they stand with both arms bent.
a person paces back-and-forth.
the person is doing a karate kick.
person is doing a t-pose
a man standing in a squat position, raises his arms out to the side, then back down to his knees.
a person squatting and raising their arms out to the side
a person walks forward, bends to the right, then walks back.
a person jogging forward.
a person walks forward and to the left.
a person walks in a diagonal, with their left arm slightly raised, before turning around and walking back.
a person walks forwards, jumps up and down, and then continues to walk forwards.
a person is standing in a t-pose.
a person standing in place, and after lowering both arms to the sides of the body.
a person is jogging in place.
a person takes a step back with their right leg and then makes a motion as if they are putting something on a table.
a person waving with his left hand.
person is doing a stand up comedy routine
a person walks forward and stirs something in front of them.
a person stands in a squat position, with arms straight out to the sides, and then stands up.
a person steps to their right.
a person walks forward while using their hands to balance themselves.
a person punches with their right hand.
a person shifts their weight from their right foot to their left foot and back again
a person squats down and then stands back up.
a person is standing in a golfing position and hits a golf ball.
a person walks forward and picks up something off the ground, then walks back.
a person walks forward and turns to the left.
a person standing and then putting their left hand to their face.
a person walks backwards and forwards
a person is doing warm-up exercises.
a person walks backwards and then stops.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person walks forward while holding onto something with their right hand.
a person jogs in place, turns around and jogs to the left, turns again and jags to the right, then turns and jigs back to the middle.
a person holds their hands up to their chest, shake their shoulders, and then they put their hands out in front of them.
a person stands, moves his left arm in a circle, then turns and walks backwards.
a person shakes their left hand and wrist.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle.
a person runs forward and spins in place before running back to their original position.
a person is cleaning their home.
a person walks forward while holding on to something with their left hand.
a person lifts something with both hands from the left to the right.
a person stands sideways, with his right hand out in front of him.
a person is moving something with their right arm.
a person walks forward and to the side.
a person walks forward and then turns to their left.
a person is doing arm stretches.
a person takes a step forward, then raises their right hand to their face.
a person walks forward and turns to their left.
a person standing in a t-pose
a person performs a dance, moving their arms and legs.
a person walks in a clockwise circle.
a person does jumping jacks.
a person moves their right arm around.
a person waves with their right hand.
a person bends at the waist and makes small rotary motions with both arms.
a person walks forward and squats down to pick something up with their right hand.
a person moves his arms and legs around in a boxing motion, making a square shape with his body
a person walks forward while hunched over and then turns to the right and walks back.
a person crouches down and crawls around.
a person is waving with their arms bent
a person has their arms extended, then brings them in and extends them again.
a person moves their arms in a golfing motion.
a person walks forward and then stops.
a person walks forward and swings their left arm in a counter clockwise circle twice, before swinging their right arm in the same motion, then walking back.
a person sits down and then stands back up.
a person takes a step to the left.
a person walks forward and steps over an obstacle.
a person takes a few steps forward.
a person is clapping their hands
a person is doing a golf swing.
a person walks forward and then back.
a person runs forward, stops, and then turns around and runs back.
a person is pushed from behind, but does not fall.
a person standing and waving with their hands on their knees.
a person walks forward while holding on to something.
a person stands and raises their right arm.
a person squats once and then jumps up.
a person walks forward while swinging their arms casually.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person picks up an object with their right hand and moves it around.
a person grabbed the hands and did some exercise
a person walks backwards slowly.
a person runs and stops.
a person is pushed from the left but does not fall.
a person alternates stretching their arms above their head and bending their arms at the elbow.
a person walks forward and to the side.
a person walks forward and turns to the left.
a person holds their hands out in front of them, then steps backwards, raises their left hand and waves it across their body, then takes a step forward and lowers their hand to their side.
a person raises their right hand to their head, pauses, and then lowers it back down to their side.
a person appears to be moving an object from side to side.
a person is doing a ballet dance.
a person walks forward at a normal pace.
a person is waving with their right arm.
a person is waving and making the cross sign on their chest.
a person walks forward and then turns around and walks back.
a person takes two steps to the side and then back.
a person paces back-and-forth from right to left.
a person stands with arms out to the side, lowers them, and then raises his left hand to his face.
a person stands and alternates raising their arms above their head while moving their legs.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person stands with arms out to the side, then bends them at the elbow and puts them on their knees, then after a moment they return them to the original position
a person walks in a half circle.
a person walks forward, turns around and walks back.
person appears to be moving something side to side
a person standing still lifts their arms slightly, bending them at the elbow.
a person walks in a counter clockwise circle.
a person is waving with his right hand.
a person is waving with their right hand.
a person raised the hands and after put it down
person is pushed from right to left but did not fall
a person raises his arms up to the side, and then swings them down, forward, and back.
person reaches down to pick something up with their left hand, reaches down again with their right, and then sets it down on the ground
a person slowly walks forward
a person is doing a dance routine.
a person walks forward, picks something up, walks back and sets it down.
a person is crouching down with arms on knees, and then raises them out to the sides.
a person stands still and then waving with their right hand.
a person who is standing with his hands out from his sides takes a step to the right.
a person is doing warm up exercises.
a person walks forward and picks something up off the ground with their right hand, walks back to the same spot, then walks to the left.
a person throws a punch with their right arm.
a person walking up stairs.
a person runs on the spot.
a person does the macarena dance.
person puts hand to head then looks forward
a person walks forward while holding onto something with their right hand.
a person kneels down with their legs crossed.
a person walks in place.
a person is dancing with their hands out.
a person walks forward, placing one foot in front of the other, and then stops.
a person stretches their arms out to the side.
a person walks forward, then squats down and puts their hands on the floor, and then stands back up.
a person takes four steps forward.
a person doing jumping jacks
a person throws an object with their right hand
a person slowly swings their right arm upward in a clockwise motion.
a person walks forward, turns and walks back
a person squats down and then jumps forward.
a person is standing and then making a stirring motion with their right hand.
a person standing still, swaying from side to side, before placing their right hand on their face.
a person shuffles to their left.
a person walks forward while placing his right hand on a surface to his left.
a person sits down and then stands back up.
person is standing and swaying
a person walks in a counter clockwise circle.
a person walks up and then turns around and walks back down.
a person stands still and then walks forward.
a person swings both arms back, slightly bends knees, and then jumps forward.
a person is moving their arms up and down.
a person walks in a counter clockwise circle.
a person kneels down with both knees bent and then stands back up.
a person walks forward, turns to their left, and then walks again.
a person standing still and claps their hands
a person holds something up to their face.
a person shuffles to the left and then shuffls to the right.
a person raises their right arm and then leans down to touch their toes.
a person stomps their right foot once.
a person is facing forward and then turns around and sits down on a chair
a person is clapping with both hands.
a person is standing in place, lifting their hands above their head, then bending down to stretch.
a person swings their right arm up and down
a person is moving hands and legs around.
a person stumbles forward while holding onto something.
a person steps back, sits down, and then gets back up.
a person walks forward and then stops.
a person walks forward, stopping at the end.
a person raises their hands to their face and then puts them back down.
a person grabbing something with both hands and moving it back and forth.
a person is standing still and then holds their hands up to their face as if they are looking through binoculars.
a person paces to their right
a person squatting with their arms outstretched to their side.
a person walks forward in place.
a person walks forward and sits down on the ground
a person is standing still then they move their hips from side to side.
a person is jogging in place.
the person is sitting down.
a person lays down, gets up, and then stands.
a person walks forward.
a person walks forward, leans down and touches something, then walks backwards.
a person holds their arms out, low at their sides, and then lowers them back to their sides.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person walks forward, picks something up and pours it out, then steps back.
a person leans over the edge of a platform and then walks away
a person is balancing on their right leg while their left leg is bent behind them.
a person is pushed from the right but does not fall.
a person does a dance move with both arms and legs moving
a person is waving with their arms above their head.
a person reaches their right hand out in front of them, then reaches their left hand out to the right of them.
person walks backwards then sits down and gets back up
a person walks forward and steps down onto their knees.
a person is standing with their knees bent and raising their right hand.
a person sprints forward
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle.
a person walks backwards in a straight line.
a person walks forward and then turns around and walks back.
a person slowly walks forward while holding onto the wall with their left hand.
the person is holding something in their right hand and throwing it with their left hand.
a person holds their arms out and then brings them inward, then extends them outwards.
a person raises his right arm to shoulder level.
a person leans over to grab an object, then leans back to place it on the ground.
a person stands in place with their hands near their face.
a person does an exercise where they bend their arms at the elbow and then straighten them out.
a person grabbed something with both hands and hit with it
a person is in a squat position and then stands up straight
a person makes a catch and then throws the ball back
a person swings both arms like a human bird.
a person sits down and stands back up.
a person runs and then stops.
person jumps and spins in place
a person walks forward and turns to their right.
a person puts their hands on their hips and then raises their arms above their head.
a person stands up, bows, and then raises their left arm to wave.
a person makes a karate kick with their right leg.
a person jogs in place
a person stands in place
a person walks forward and stumbles.
a person walks forward and then stops.
a person runs forward.
a person is doing a right leg kick
a person waves with their right hand.
a person is waving with their right hand.
a person picks up an object and moves it from one side to another
a person is standing on a pedestal with their arms up.
a person is walking on a treadmill.
a person grabbed something and hit with it
a person runs backwards.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person raises their left hand above their head.
a person walks forward, turns to the left and continues to walk.
person is hunched over and then gets up.
a person walks forward and then turns around and walks back.
a person walks forward while grasping something with his left hand, and then he steps up on a stair and then walks down the stairs.
a person uses both hands to move something to the left.
a person walks backwards and stops.
a person walks forward and then stops.
a person steps forward and picks something up with their left hand, then walks away and moves their left arm as if they are wiping something down.
a person runs forward and slides to a stop.
a person walks forward and to the left.
a person marches forward and then turns around.
a person is pushed to the left but then recovers and walks forward.
a person jumps up and down with arms loosely at their sides.
a person walks forward while holding onto a rail in their left hand.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person walks forward while holding onto something with their right hand.
a person turns to the left and stands.
a person is walking up the stairs while holding on to something.
a person stretches their arms up overhead.
a person walks forward, then stops.
a person walks in a clockwise circle
a person takes one step to the left.
a person walks forward in a diagonal.
person is walking in a straight line while using their hands to balance.
a person puts both hands on the floor and bends down, then puts both arms on the ground and bending down.
a person takes a step forward, kicks their left leg out in front of them, and then takes another step forward.
a person walks forward, then walks in a counterclockwise circle, and then walsk back to where they started.
a person crosses their arms and then uncrosses them
a person squats while raising their arms above their head
a person is doing jumping jacks.
a person moving their right arm around.
a person is sitting on a chair and making the cross sign on their chest
a person lifts their right arm and waves.
a person punches with their left arm, then with their right arm.
person is pacing back-and-forth
a person lifts their arms to stretch their back, then stretches their arms forward and back.
a person is standing with their arms out to the sides, then bends down to touch their left knee with their left hand.
a person kicks with his left leg.
a person waves with their left hand.
a person walks forward and picks something up with their right hand and then steps back.
a man walks forward and spins on his left foot.
a person walks forward and to the left
a person reaches over and wipes down something.
a person walks in a counter clockwise circle
a person who is squatting and moving his hands
a person is jogging in place.
a person spins around while holding their arms out.
a person is boxing with his left hand.
a person squats down, with their arms straight out to their sides, then stands back up.
a person sitting on the ground gets up
a person steps backward with their left leg while keeping their right leg in place, then brings their left arm up and forward.
a person walks forward and to the left.
a person sits down and stands back up.
a person walks backwards and then walks forwards.
person does a single jumping jack
a person holds their arms out to the side, then shuffles to the left, then the right, and then back to the center.
a person jumps in the air, spins, and then walks backwards.
a person throws a left jab.
a person bends to the left and stretches their left arm upward.
a person crosses their arm.
a stick figure is standing in place
a person raises their arms and makes a circle motion with their arms, then they raise their left arm and make a downward motion
a person waving with his right hand.
a person bows once.
a person is sitting down, putting his arms on his knees, then he puts his hands on his face and after stands up.
a person puts both of their hands up to their head, and then lowers them down.
a person holds their hands up, with their left hand in front, and then they step backwards.
a person spins and does a quick wheel like spin
a person lifts their right arm to the side, extends their arm forward, and then lowers their arm back down to their side.
a person leans over and picks something up, turns to the right and walks forward a few steps, turns left and wal
a person runs to the left and then runs to their right.
a person holds their hands up and kicks their left leg out in front of them.
a person is doing warm up exercises.
person is in a kneeling position
a person warms up by moving their arms.
a person walks forward, turns around and walks back.
a person walks in a half circle to the left.
a person picks something up and moves it from one side to the other
a person walks forward, then stumbles and walks to the right, then turns around and wal
person is doing a karate kick
a person is on their hands and knees.
a person walks forward, turns around and jogs forward, then turns around again and walks back.
a person takes two steps backward, turns to their left, takes two more steps back, then turns around and walks forward.
a person walks forward while holding on to something with their right hand.
a person is dancing and twirling his arms
a person gets down on their hands and knees and crawls around.
a person lowers their arms from shoulder height and then brings their hands together in front of their chest.
a person is standing still, looking forward.
a person walks in a clockwise circle while carrying something.
a person walks to the right and places their hands on something
a person takes a few steps forward and to the left.
a person walks forward.
a person tries to sit down on the floor and then gets back up
a person walks forward while slightly swinging their arms.
a person walks forward and to the side.
a person walks backwards and spins their right arm in a clockwise motion while moving forward.
a person jogs in place
a person holds something up to their face with one hand, then puts both hands down to their sides.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person standing still and then moving their right arm.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person is standing and then goes to sit down, and then gets back up
a person raises their hands up and over their head.
a man jogs in place while shaking his arms.
person reaches down to pick something up and walks forward
a person is standing in place and then moving their arms in and out.
a person is walking and stretching
a person swings their left arm in a circular motion.
a person walks forward while holding on to something with their right hand.
a person is jogging in place.
a person puts their left arm to their head.
a person walks forward and picks something up off the ground.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person walks to the left, sits down and stands back up.
a person walks backwards and stops.
a person checks the watch on their right hand.
a person steps forward and picks something up off the ground.
a person lowers their arms and walks to the left to sit down.
a person slowly walks forward and reaches out with their left arm and turns to walk back.
a person is squatting and making small random rotary motions with both arms.
a person runs in place.
a person walks forward, claps their hands, then sits down.
a person holds their hands up to their face and then puts their hands down and waves.
a person is standing with his hands out, palms facing each other, and then lowers his arms back to his sides.
a person hops up and down while turning in a circle.
a person walks forward and turns to the left
a person steps forward and picks something up with their left hand, then steps back and stirs the object.
a person walks forward, stumbles, and then turns around.
a person holds something up to their face with their left hand, and then lowers it back down to their side.
a person stands with hands out, and then bends down to pick something up.
a person crouches down to the ground.
a person is pushed from behind, but does not fall to the ground.
a person walks forward and then steps backward.
a person lifts both arms and moves them in a clockwise motion.
a person opens a door.
a person is making a gesture with both hands
a person swings their left arm across their body.
a person is doing a dance move
a person is hunched over and then begins to jump up and down
a person runs and then stops.
a person sets something on the ground and then throws something
person appears to be doing warm up routine by bending down and moving arms
a person swings his left arm back and forth.
a person walks forward while holding on to something with his right hand.
a person is waving with their left hand.
a person jumps in place and spins.
person is doing a jumping jack
a person is standing in place then lifting their arms up and down in front of them.
a person slowly turns to the right
a person walks forward and turns around to walk back.
person is standing still, then moving their body from left to right
a person is walking forward.
a person is in a crouched position and seems to be looking around.
a person walks up the stairs.
a person shuffles to their right
a person walks forward while placing their left arm on a surface.
a person reaches out to grab something from the left with their left hand, then sets it down on the right.
a person paces back and forth, seemingly frustrated.
the person is doing the chicken dance.
a person sits down on the floor and places their hands on their thighs
a person is standing still, then holds their hands up to their chest, then lowers them back down to their sides.
a person walks and turns to the left.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle.
a person runs forward.
a person is standing still and then sways to their right.
a person lifts his arms and bends his elbows repeatedly.
a person moves their left arm around in front of them.
a person walks forward and moves their arm around.
a person walks in a counter clockwise circle
a person jogs in place.
a person is kicking with their left leg.
a person walks forward and steps over something with their left leg.
a person walks backwards a few steps.
a person is sitting and moving around.
a person standing still with their hands up and then puts their hands down and walks forward.
the person is punching with their right hand.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle.
a person jumps up and spins in a clockwise direction.
a person stands up from a kneeling position.
a person lifts an object with both hands, rotates the object, then sets it back down.
a person picks up something on their right and moves it to their left
a person sits down cross legged.
a person is doing jumping jacks.
a person raises their right hand to their face, turns to the left and then turns back to the right.
a person is warming up their arms.
a person takes a large step forward.
a person strums a guitar with their left hand.
person is doing a t-pose
a person punches with their left arm.
a person throws a ball with their right hand.
a person is walking forward and then back.
person checks their head for lice
a person walks in an s pattern.
a person walks forward and then turns around and walks back.
a person walks backwards, then turns around and walks forward.
a person stands with his arms up and then lowers them
a person walks forward and turns around and walks back.
a person crosses their arms over their chest and then puts their hands down.
person walks to the right then to the left
a person is standing up and hanging their head in shame
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle, bending down at the waist and touching the ground with their left hand.
a person standing in place and then making a circle with their arm.
a person takes a step to the left, then a step back to the right.
a person moves to the right quickly
a person squats with both arms bent in front of them.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle
person has arms up in the air and bends to the side
a person holds his hands together near his head and moves them back and forth.
person appears to be warming up
a person swings their left arm around and then walks forward.
a person is standing in place and then bends over.
a person sidesteps to the right, then to the left, then back to the center.
a person walks forward and jumps up and down with their arms swinging
a person is performing martial arts
a person is pushed backwards.
a person checks their watch on their left hand.
a person raises their left leg and balances on their right leg while stretching their left
a person is praying.
a person waves with their left hand.
a person holds their hands out to the side and then in front of them.
a person stands with his arms extended outwards.
a person puts their left hand to their face.
a person stands and reaches forward.
a person throws an item with their left arm.
a person raises their hands to their head and then throws something.
a person side-steps to the left, then side-stops to the right, then back to the original position.
person walks forward and picks something up off the floor
a person walks forward while holding onto something with their right hand.
a person sits down on the floor.
a person is crawling forward.
a person who is standing with their arms bent, bends one arm inward, and then bends the other arm inwards.
a person walks in a diagonal, then turns around and walks back.
a person is standing still, then lifts their left arm up and then puts it back down.
a person takes a step forward with their left leg.
a person is stirring something with their right hand.
a person takes a couple steps forward.
person is doing a hand gesture.
a person holds both hands up to their chest and then lowers them back to their sides.
a man paces back-and-forth anxiously.
a person is standing, then leans over and makes a motion with their left arm.
a person walks forward and turns around to walk back.
a person claps their hands, walks a few steps and sits down.
a person squats while raising and lowering their arms in front of them.
a person walks in a circle, clockwise.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person jumps up and turns clockwise.
a person jumps in place.
a person walks forward, stops and walks back.
a person takes a couple steps forward and then turns to their right to walk back.
a person leans to their right.
a person crosses their arms, then uncrosses them.
a person walks forward and to the left.
person stands forward then makes a punching motion with left arm.
a person stands in place and then waves
a person stands in place and raises his left arm up and down repeatedly.
a person runs forward a few steps.
a person steps backward one step, then turns to the left and walks backward a few steps.
a person side steps to the left and then side steps back to the right.
a person is walking backwards swinging their arms
a person jumps and turns to the right.
a person takes four steps forward, starting with their left foot.
a person is doing karate kicks.
a person uses their left hand to catch something and then hold it up to their face.
person moves side to side.
a person stands still and then leans to their left
a person does warm-up exercises by rotating their shoulders, hips, and knees
a person standing up straight, swaying a bit from side to side.
a person walks forward and picks something up
a person is waving with their arms raised
a person jumps to their left.
a person reaches down to touch the ground with their left hand, then raises up and reaches down with their right hand, and then reaches down again with their lef
a person is stretching their left leg.
a person raises their arms above their head while jumping up and down
a person is standing still, then steps to the left, then stands still again.
a person stands up from a crouch position, walks forward, and then kicks with their left leg.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle.
a person slowly walks forward.
a person does a karate kick with their right leg
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle.
a person standing in place then walking forward
a person sits down on the ground cross legged.
a person is standing up straight, then leans forward.
person picks up a couple of items from the floor
a person with his arms loosely at his sides takes one small hop forward.
a person walks forward while swaying to the left and then to the right.
a person sidesteps to the left, then to the right, and then back to the middle.
a person swings their left arm in a circle, then swings both arms.
a person sits down cross-legged and then stands back up.
a person walks forward, turns around and walks back.
a person is doing arm stretches
a person walks forward and stops.
person walks backwards in a straight line
person is moving hips side to side
a person swings both arms back and forth in front of them.
a person hops to the right then steps to the left.
a person reaches up with their right arm
a person walks forward and turns right and walks back.
a person walks forward and gestures as if they are throwing something.
a person punches the air with their right hand.
a person squats slightly, and moves their arms in front of them.
a person takes a step backward.
a person doing jumping jacks
a person holds their left arm out in front of them.
a person lifts up their left arm and holds it above their head.
person slowly walked forward
a person sits down and cross legged.
a person walks forward very slowly, placing one foot in front of the other.
a person has their arms bent, as if they were in a martial arts ready position, and they move side to side.
person gets on hands and knees and walks forward and then backwards.
a person puts their hands on their hips and swings their left arm.
a person walks forward, leans on a wall, and then walks back.
a person crosses their arms across their chest.
a person is standing still, moving their arms around in front of them, and then putting their arms down.
a person leans to their right with their left arm bent.
a person raises their left arm to their head and then lowers it back down.
a person stands in place and lifts his left arm up and down.
a person walks forward and turns around to walk back.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person jogs and turns around.
a person walks forward swinging their arms and turns around to walk back.
a person is doing jumping jacks.
a person punches upwards with their left hand.
a person takes four steps forward and stops.
a person crosses their arms.
a person picks something up with both hands, turns to the right, and puts it down.
a person is standing and moving his legs, bending them repeatedly.
a person swims like a fly
a person walks forward and then stops.
a person is jogging in place.
a person standing in place then reaching up to the right.
a person throws something with their left arm.
person is putting their hands to their face.
a person is performing the salsa dance.
a person squats down with their arms extended out, then they put them down to rest on their knees.
a person walks forward, turns around and walks back.
person walks forward while hunched over.
a person throws an item with their right hand.
a person walks forward, then turns around and walks back.
person reaches down to grab something with their left hand, then steps back to sit down.
a person slowly bends forward, then turns to the side.
a person standing and looking around.
person is walking forward while using their hands to hold onto something on either side of them.
a person with their arms bent at the elbows, stand in a squat position, and then stand straight up.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person steps forward and reaches out with his left hand.
person walks forward and then sits down.
a person is eating soup from a cup.
a person marches while swinging his arms.
a person raises both arms in the air.
a person walks forward and spins around on their right foot.
a person sits down on the ground and gets back up.
a person does a high kick with their right leg.
the person is doing a karate kick
a person walks forward and then turns around and walks back.
a person stands up from a crouched position.
a person steps backward and makes a gesture with both arms.
a person swings their arms like bird wings.
a person is walking down stairs.
a person stands with their arms bent and then shrugs their shoulders.
a person walks forward and then stops.
a person walks in a slight leftward curve.
a person stands with arms bent and shakes them in a pounding motion.
a person is clapping his hands
a person waves with their right hand.
a person walks forward and to the left.
a person is marching in place.
a person is walking forward and turns to their right.
a person walks forward and sits down on a stool.
a person kicks the ball forward.
a person crosses their arms.
a person raises their hands to their head and then puts them back down to their side.
a person walking in a straight line
a person squats while holding their hands out in front of them
a person walks forward while holding on to something with his left hand.
a person walks forward, turns and walks back.
a person walks forward, stops, then walks back.
a person walks forward and then stops.
a person walks forward and stumbles, then walks back and stretches.
a person kicks with their right leg
a person walks forward and stumbles.
a person raises their left arm, then dances and turns to the left.
a person kicks their left leg out in front of them
a person stands still and waves with their left hand.
a person crosses their arms.
a person steps forward and picks something up, then steps back.
a person waves with their left hand.
a person raised their left arm and did warm up.
a person steps back, reaches forward, and makes a motion with their right hand.
a person is kicking their right leg in the air
person stands still then brings hand up to face.
a person is waving their hands to the side.
a person lays down on their side and then gets back up.
a person jogs forward and then turns around and jogs back.
a person leans forward and then stands up
a person walks forward and then steps back.
a person walks forward and then picks something up off the ground.
a person walks forward and then turns around and walks back.
person stumbles to their right, then gets up and runs forward and to the left.
a person is standing in place lifting their right arm repeatedly
a person squats down and then jumps forward.
a person raises and lowers their arms while standing.
a person brings their left arm up to their face.
a person walks diagonally to the right, then turns around and walks back to the left.
a person does a dance routine.
a person standing on the ground with his arms out to his sides, slightly bent.
a person walks forward.
a person is kicking with their left leg repeatedly.
a person is warming up their arms.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person steps down a flight of stairs while holding on to a rail with their left hand.
a person walks forward and stops.
person walks forward, turns left, walks and turns left again.
a person walks forward and to the left
a person is doing upper body stretches.
a person is hopping on their right foot.
a person hopping up and down on their right leg.
a person walks backwards, then walks forwards and puts their hands on something.
a person opens a bottle and drinks from it
a person moves their left arm around.
a person walks forward and sits down.
a person is standing still and then puts their left arm up to their head.
person holds something in left hand and moves right hand back and forth in front of them
a man walks forward while holding on to something.
a person who seems to be moving their arms around
a person walks in an s shape while turning to the right and the left.
a person slowly walks up the stairs.
a person is doing arm circles.
a person is doing chicken wings.
a person moves their arms in a circular motion.
a person jumps up and down with both arms flaccid at their sides.
a person sits down and holds their hands together.
a person walks in a counter clockwise circle.
a person is doing a warm-up
a person walks backward in a circle while facing forward
a person walks forward while holding on to something with their right hand.
a person is doing a warm up
a person walks forward and turns around to walk back.
a person walks in a counter clockwise circle
a person walks backwards and stops.
a person walks forward while holding on to something with their right hand.
a person walks forward in a straight line
person is moving something on their left side.
a person walks forward, then stops and stands.
a person is standing and moving their arms in and out.
a person steps back with both feet while holding onto a surface with both hands.
a person steps to the left, bows and then walks forward.
a person has arms extended out to the side, then drops them to their sides.
a person takes two steps backwards.
a person walks forward, then turns around and walks back.
a person steps forward, turns and steps back.
a person is doing arm circles.
a person holds their arms up, bending their knees and then jumping up and down.
a person picks something up and sets it down.
a person is walking in a very lively manner.
a person is seated, and alternates raising their hands above their head, then bending them down to their chest.
a person walks forward, then spins around and walks back.
a person walks in a counter clockwise circle.
a person is standing and then turns to the left.
a person turns around to the left and steps back
a person holds his arms bent and moves them up and down
a person steps to the side and then walks forward
a person walks forward while holding onto something.
person walks forward and stumbles.
a person is dancing the salsa
a person takes a step forward and then puts their hands to their side and puts their left foot in front of their right.
person steps forward and raises hand to head in a gesture of frustration or confusion.
a person reaches forward with their right hand, and then steps back.
a person takes a few steps forward and to the left.
a person stands on their right leg while waving with their left leg.
a person jogs on the spot.
a person walks in a counter clockwise circle and then sits down.
a person squats slightly and then jumps up.
a person reaches out with their left arm, then reaches out their right arm.
a person walks forward slowly.
person is sitting down and then stands up
a person walks backwards and stops.
a person holds something up to their face with one hand.
a person walks forward in a straight line.
a person walks forward and then kneels down to pick something up off the floor.
a person picks something up and then walks to the left.
a man walks backwards.
a person walks backwards slowly.
a person throws something with their left hand.
a person walks forward, turns around and walks back.
a person walks in a counter clockwise circle.
a person walks forward in a straight line.
a person walks forward, back, and to the side.
a person runs forward and jumps.
a person steps forward, then gestures with their left arm.
a person shuffles from side to side while facing forward
a person walks forward while slightly turning to the left.
a person picks up an object on the left and moves it to the right.
a person walks forward, puts their hands on their hips, bows, then puts their hand down and walks back.
a person stands still, reaches forward with their left hand, and then lowers their hand back to their side.
a person walks in a clockwise circle
a person steps backward while holding onto something with his right hand.
a person who seems to be doing a magic trick.
a person is standing still and looking forward.
a person walks forward and turns around.
a person walks forward while swaying his arms.
a person steps to the side, turns to face the opposite direction, and sits down.
a person is sitting down, raises their hands to their face, then lowers them back down to their lap.
a person does jumping jacks.
a person walks forward while keeping their hands on something.
a person walks forward, turning to the right and stopping.
a person raised the hads and hit something with arms
a person walks forward and slightly to the left.
a person walks in a diagonal, pauses, and then walks backwards.
a person walks forward and then stops.
a person stands with his hands up, then bends to the right, then stands back up.
a person walks forward while holding onto the side of a wall.
a person grabbed something with left and right hand and made some thing
a person stands and makes a small bow.
the person is doing stretching exercises.
a person walks forward, turns and walks back.
a person takes a sideways step to the right.
a person walks forward and turns to their left.
a person is jogging in place.
a person is squatting with their arms out front.
a person throws an uppercut with their left arm.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person is standing in place, then waving with their right hand.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person walks in a tightrope position.
a person walks forward and sits down on the ground.
a person walks forward and then stops.
a person runs and stumbles.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle.
a person steps backward once.
person walks in an s shape
a person blocks with their left hand.
a person walks forward and turns to the left.
a person raises both arms and bends them at the elbow
a person is standing and raising his hands to his face.
a person walks forward at a fast pace.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle.
a person walks forward while holding on to a handrail with their right hand.
a person gets on their hands and knees and crawls forwards.
a person walks up steps while holding on to something with their left hand.
the person is walking back and forth.
the person is throwing the football.
a person is moving arms up and down and back and forth
a person takes a large step to the left.
a person steps backward and puts their arms out to their sides
a person is doing a ballet dance.
a person takes a small jump and then walks forward.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle.
a person standing up and doing a warm up stretching exercise.
a person kicks with their right leg multiple times.
a person does a small jumping jack.
a person walks in a circle.
a person sprints forward.
a person walks in place
a person walks forward and stops.
a person takes a couple steps back and sits down on a stool.
a person is standing with knees bent, lifting and lowering their arms out to the sides
a person is sitting on the floor with legs crossed, then gets up to stand.
a person raises their left arm to look at their wrist.
a person is standing, bends down to look through binoculars, and then puts them down.
a person holds something up to their face with their left hand.
a person crouches down and seems to be searching for something.
a person crosses their arms, then raises and lowers their arms
a person stumbles backwards slightly.
a person stirring something with their right hand.
a person swings their arms like a golf club.
a person steps backward, pauses, and then walks forward.
a person walks forward, leans over to pick something up, then walks back.
a person puts their hands up to their face and stretches.
a person walks forward while swinging their arms.
a person walks forward and turns around.
a person leans over and makes a stirring motion with their right hand.
a person takes a few steps backward.
a person picks up an object and moves it to the right.
a person walks backwards in a straight line.
a person walks backwards in a straight line.
a person plays a violin with their right hand.
a person runs and jumps up.
a person is walking while swinging their arms around.
person raises hand to head and then lowers it back down to waist level.
a person lifts their left leg, balancing on their right, and does several small kicks.
a person alternates swinging their arms as if they were boxing, then swinging as if their were playing tennis.
a person takes a few steps forward, turns and walks back.
a man walks forward, turns around, and walks back.
a person picks something up with their left hand, rotates the object with their right hand, and then sets the object back down with their lef hand.
a person opens a bottle and drinks from it.
a person makes a tennis match with their right arm.
a person steps forward, and then makes the cross sign on their chest and shoulders.
a person holds their hand up to their face then lowers it back down.
a person walks forward while holding on to something with their left hand.
a person is pushed from the right side, but does not fall.
a man walks in a counterclockwise circle.
the person is warming up his right arm.
a person walks forward and stumbles, placing their hand on something to regain their balance.
a person is bending over to look at something on the ground.
a person walks and turns to the left
person walks forward and slightly to the left and then continues to walk normally.
a person walks forward and then raises their left arm.
a person walks forward.
a person running in place.
a person slowly waved with their left hand.
a person walks forward and moves something to the left with their right hand.
a person is squatting down and then raises their left arm up.
a person takes a large step to the left.
a person moves their right arm around and then kicks with their right leg.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person turns their left leg and walks backwards.
a person is walking down a path
a person puts their arms up, leans forward, and then back, and puts their hands down.
a person is doing warm up stretches
a person hops to their right.
a person standing in place and then taking a step back
a person walks forward while placing their right foot first and then left.
a person is standing still.
a person swings his right arm.
a person is waving with their left hand.
a person standing still and after waving with his left hand.
a person is moving his hands and feet around.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle
a person does jumping jacks.
a person alternates swinging their left and right arm.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle while crouching down.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person walks backwards, turns and walks forward, then turns around and wal
a person is standing and moving their left hand around.
a person is sitting on a chair, doing nothing just sitting there.
a person standing still, then waving with their left hand.
a person jogs forward and then turns around and jogs back.
person stands up from a kneeling position
a person walks forward and stops.
a person moves their arms around, crossing them and then moving them out to the sides.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person crouches and extends their arms out to the side, as if picking something up off the ground, and then puts them back down again.
a person throws a left punch
a person is making a motion with their right arm, like they are unlocking a door.
a person walks forward and stumbles.
a person walks forward and turns to the left.
person walks forward and turns to the left and walks back.
person jumps with arms straight out to the sides
a person raises their hands to their face.
a person stumbles backward, but quickly regains their balance.
a person walks forward and then stops.
a person walks forward and then places their left hand on a surface to keep their balance.
a person picks something up and pours it out.
a person walks up stairs.
a person stumbles forward and stops.
person is walking in a diagonal.
a person is standing still, reaches down with their right hand, and then stands still again.
a person is doing upper body stretches.
a person is stepping over an object.
a person jumps to their right.
a person is waving with their right arm.
a person puts their left arm up to their head.
a person walks forward and stops.
the person is doing a martial arts move
a person raises his arms and shakes them
person walks forward, then steps down onto the ground and walks back
a person slowly walked forward while raised his hand on the rail.
a person steps forward, picks something up, turns to the left and steps back.
a person hops up and down on their right leg.
a person lifts their right arm and moves their wrist as if they were lifting a dumbbell.
a person raises his left hand above his head and then throws a punch with his left arm.
a person jumps and spins while their arms are out.
a person gets up from the floor.
a person crouches and then stands up.
a person walks forward, turning to the left
a person stands in place and bends down and makes the motion of planting a tree
a person throws something with his right hand
a person steps forward and then walks in a clockwise circle.
a person turns to the left, walks forward and turns to his right and walks again.
a person is hanging their head and crossing their arms
a person walking forward.
the person is punching with their left hand.
a person runs slightly to the left and then stops.
a person is moving their arms around
a person walks forward while using their left hand to hold on to something, then turns around and walks backwards while using the left hand.
a person stands on the ground and stretches their left leg.
a person is jogging and stops.
a person walks forward and turns around.
a person puts both of their hands up to their face.
a person steps to the side, then dances.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle.
the person walks forward and raises his right arm in the air, then lowers it and walks back.
a person is in a standing position with their arms out to the side, they reach out with their left hand, then reach out forward with their right hand.
the person is doing a warm up routine.
a person takes four steps forward, swinging their arms slightly.
a person walks backwards, while swinging their arms in a circular motion.
a person is waving their arms back and forth.
a person raises their hand to their face, then puts their arm back down.
a person sitting and rotating their wrists
a person walks forward and turns around to walk back.
a person appears to be moving something from one side to the other
a person is mixing something.
a person steps forward, reaches down to pick something up, then walks back.
a person standing up and using their hands to catch something and hold it in front of their face.
person is doing warm up stretches
a person walks backwards while holding their arms out to the sides of them.
a person walks forward while holding on to something with their left hand.
a person runs forward and then stops.
a person is doing upper body warm up
a person stands in place and moves arms in circular motion.
a person raises their head to look at something in their left hand.
a person jumps up and spins in a clockwise direction.
a person reaches down with their right hand, then steps back and stumbles to the left.
a person raises their arms and then walks in a circle.
a person is squatting and lifting both arms out to the side.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person walks forward while holding onto something with their right hand.
a person walks forward while holding onto a rail with their right hand.
a person swings their right arm in an upward motion.
a person rotates their body by bending at the waist, and rotating their hips, while keeping their arms straight out to the sides.
a person is pushed to the left, then regains balance and stands still.
a person punches with their left hand.
a person steps forward and then stops and turns around.
a person puts their hands up to their face and then puts them back down.
a person is doing a squat
a person is hanging their head and then hopping around.
a person catches something with both hands, and then sets it down.
a person takes a few steps sideways to the left and then back to the right.
a person is squatting, puts both arms on their knees, then lifts them back up.
a person standing still with his hands on his thighs
a person walking forward and kicking the ball.
a person walks backwards and sits down.
a person kneels down and gets up.
a person walks up to a door and knocks on it.
a person is pushed from the right side.
a person runs and turns to their right.
a person grabbed something and hanged on something
a person sits down and gets up.
a person walks forward, picks something up and then walks back.
a person is walking and then puts their hands up.
a person walks forward and then turns to the right.
a person walks forward and then turns around and walks back.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person raises their arms above their head and waves.
a person steps back from someone or something.
a person holds something with both hands, turns to the left, and then throws with their left hand.
a person is waving their arms around
a person jogs in place.
a person paces back and forth from left to right.
a person reaches to the right and then the left.
a person stands still and then reaches to their left with their left hand.
a person walks forward and turns around to walk back.
a person takes one step to the left, then one step forward, then steps to the right.
a person is jogging in place.
a person slowly walks forward.
a person walks backwards while crossing their left hand over their right.
a person is using their left hand to touch an object on a shelf
a person holds their arms out to the side, and punches with their left hand.
a person stands in place then raises their left arm to shoulder height.
a person runs forward with their left hand in front of them.
a person walks forward and turns around to walk back.
a person is pushed backwards from the right
person appears to be moving something from left to right
a person takes a large step to the left
a person walks in a counter clockwise circle.
a person walks forward and then turns to the left and walks back.
a person jumps forward slightly.
a person walks up some stairs
a person squats and then stands back up.
a person walks forward, turns around and walks back.
a person gets on their hands and knees and crawls forward
a person walks forward and then stops.
a person puts both arms through the sleeves of a pullover, then the body of the pullo
a person walks forward and stops.
a person stumbles forward.
a person is looking through binoculars.
a person is warming up his right arm.
the person is doing a squat.
a person is walking in a straight line.
a person is pushed from behind.
a person is pushed from the right side
a person punches upwards with their left arm
a person standing still, raises their left arm and waving.
a person walks forward on a beam while holding onto the sides.
a person is walking on a treadmill.
a person is standing, then shaking their shoulders, and then puts their hands together in front of their chest, and shakes their shoulders again.
a person walks in a slight bend to the left.
a person walks in a diagonal to the left.
a person does jumping jacks.
a person dances like a monkey.
a person walks while holding on to something with their right hand.
a person walks forward with their arms out to the side.
a person is doing a warm-up routine.
a person walks forward and stops.
person walks forwards and then walks backwards and swaying arms.
a person walks forward, turns around, walks back, and then makes a small jump.
a person raises their right leg and kicks it out.
a person picks something up with both hands and rotates it slightly to the left, then places it back down.
a person is getting on their hands and knees
a person is taking pictures with their hands.
a person is clapping their hands together.
a person walks forward and then stops.
a person is jogging down a path.
a person takes a step to the left.
a person runs forward, then gets down on their hands and knees, then they get back up and run forward again.
a person holds their arms up, then steps to the side.
a person steps up onto a stool and sits down, then they stand back up and step down off the stool.
a person pauses, then steps back and raises their hands to their head in a prayer position.
a person runs in place.
a person is looking around and shuffling.
a person puts both arms in front of their body and then puts both hands behind their back and then alternates swinging both arms forward.
a person walks backwards, then stops.
a person walks forward and stumbles.
the person is doing jumping jacks.
a person moves their left arm from their side to their front, and then back to their side.
a person is squatting while eating something with their left hand.
a person is waving and then making a cross.
a person is walking backwards.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle.
a person turns around and walks forward.
a person bows their head forward.
a person is standing still, then puts their hands up to their chest, then raises their arms outstretched.
a person runs forwards quickly.
a person is jogging back and forth.
a person walks forward and picks something up then walks back.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person shuffles his feet and puts his arms on his hips.
a person kicks with their right leg.
a person squats down and picks something up from the floor with their left hand, then stands back up.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle.
a person with arms up and back bent walks forward and backward.
a person stumbles to their right.
a person catches a ball and holds it.
a person has both hands on their chest and makes the cross sign, then they bring their hands to their head.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person steps forward, turns around, and sits down.
a person is doing warm up exercise
a person walks forward.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person walks forward and sits down on a chair.
a person walks forward with arms outstretched to their sides.
a person sits down on the floor and cross legged and then gets back up
a person does jumping jacks.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle.
a person sits down and cross legged and gets back up.
a person walks forward and stumbles.
the person is walking back-and-forth.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person goes to get on their knees, then stands back up.
a person walks forward at a slow pace.
a person is laying on the ground doing a push up.
a person walks forward, picks something up with their left hand, and then walks back.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person takes a large step with their left leg.
a person squatting slightly with both arms straight out to the sides, then after a moment they put their arms back down at their sides.
a person blocks with their right hand then their left hand.
a person walks forward.
a person walks forward and stirs something with their right hand
a person takes 5 steps forward.
a person leans over and picks up an object from the ground, then washes it and sets it back down.
a person checks their left arm for the time.
a person steps to the left side.
a person walks forward in a straight line.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle.
a person walks forward and stumbles.
a person jumps up and down while extending their arms above their head
a person stretches their left arm over their head.
a person walks forward and then stops.
a person side-steps to the left and then to the right
a person reaches to their right with both hands, as if they were moving something from left to right, then they reach to their left with both hand, as they were also moving something left to the right.
a person runs in place
person steps up to the left and sits down on the ground.
a person standing and looking around.
a person walks forward and pours something with their left hand.
a person who seems to be standing still then swaying
a person swings their arms forward and back.
a person gets down on their hands and knees and crawls around.
a person walks forward while using their right hand to hold onto something.
a person picks something up and sets it down on the right side.
a person walks forward and to the left.
a person is walking forward and then stops.
a person is standing and turning around.
a person is squatting down with both arms bent in front of them.
a person standing up reaches down with their left hand to touch the ground, then stands back up.
a person jogging in a forward motion.
a person steps forward and makes a chopping motion with their left hand.
a person moves something from left to right
a person is standing and then throws an uppercut.
a person holds their hands up to their chest, then lowers them back to their sides.
a person holds their hands in front of their face and then throws something with both arms.
a person pours with their left hand.
a person walks forward and then turns around and walks back
person standing still then moves forwards then back with hands out front.
a person walks forward, turns around, and walks back.
a person with both hands at shoulder width, steps backwards.
a person paces back-and-forth from side-to-side
a person walks forward while holding onto something with their left hand.
a person does a karate kick with their left leg.
a person is standing in a boxing position, with both arms bent, ready to throw a punch.
a person side skips to the right and to the left.
a person takes four steps forward while holding onto something with their left hand.
a person is swimming
a person is doing a dance move.
a person walks forward and wobbles to their left, before regaining their balance.
the person is doing the macarena dance.
a person is jogging in place, then turns around and jogs forward.
a person leans forward and then reaches with their left arm, then back with their right arm, and then places their left hand on their heart.
a person standing up making a circular motion with their right hand.
a person appears to be moving something around.
a person slowly walks forward.
a person swings both arms like a warm up
a person walks down stairs while holding on to something with his left hand.
a person bends his right arm at the elbow and then bends both arms at the wrists.
a person sprints forward.
a person who is standing with his arms by his sides slowly walks forward and stops.
a person is squatting and moving their arms up and down.
person is sitting down then gets back up
a person sits down on the floor.
a person doing starjumps
a person walks forward and stops.
a person picks something up and puts it to their head.
a person holds their hands up to their face and then lowers them back to their sides.
a person walks forward quickly.
a person does a squat, then jumps up
a person walks forward while swinging their arms.
a person crouches down and then walks forward.
a person is stretching by bending forward and back.
a person walks forward in a straight line.
a person standing with both arms up, then lowering one arm and putting it back down.
a person holds his arms bent, and makes rotating circles with his hands.
a person sitting on a chair with hands near chest moving rapidly
a person gets on their hands and knees and crawls forwards.
a person walks forward and puts their left hand on a surface, and then walks back.
a person makes a tennis match gesture.
a person walks forward, turns around and walks back.
a person walks forward and then turns around and walks back.
a person walks backwards in a counterclockwise circle
a person paces back-and-forth anxiously.
a person walks forward and to the left.
a person is squatting slightly and lifting their arms up and down
a person moves their arms in a circular motion.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person puts their left hand to their head.
a person is using their left arm to make gestures.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person slowly throws an uppercut with their right arm.
a person walks down steps.
a person punches the air with their right hand.
a person raises their hand to their head and then places their hand on their heart.
a person holds something up to their face.
a person walks forward and moves something with their left hand.
a person does a warm up stretch
a person shifts his left arm upwards and backwards, then shifts it back to the front and downwards.
a person walks forward, turns around, and walks back.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person runs and stops.
a person is hopping and shuffling from left to right.
a person steps backward with his arms out to his side.
a person takes a small step forward.
the person throws something.
a person squats slightly with both arms up, then stands and steps to the right.
a person walks forward slowly
a person is jogging in place.
a person jumps up and turns to their right.
a person swings their arms up and down, bending at the elbow.
a person walks forward and turns around to walk back.
the person is doing warm up exercises
a person walks forward while holding onto something with their right hand.
a person walks forward and turns right.
a person raises both arms and bends them at the elbow and then moves them up and down near their chest.
a person kneels down with both knees bent, placing their left hand on a surface for balance.
a man walks forward swinging his arms casually, then picks something up off the ground.
a person raises their arms above their head and bends their knees, before returning to a standing position.
a person stands in a martial arts ready position and then kicks with his right leg.
a person walks forward while holding onto something with their right hand.
a person walks forward and to the left.
a person lifts a barbell over their head with both arms, while bending their knees and keeping their back straight.
person stands in place with hands at side, then raises hands to shoulders
a person sits down on the ground.
a person blocks with his right arm, then blocks with both arms.
a person steps down into a seated position and then begins to play a guitar.
a person takes small steps forward, as if trying to balance on something.
a person takes two steps backward.
person appears to be picking up an object with their right hand
a person is crouching down looking around
a person is doing a warm up dance.
a person picks up an item with their left hand.
a person crouches down and swings their arms around as if they are playing tennis.
a man walks forward and then dances with his hands out.
a person gets down on their hands and knees.
a person walks forward and to the left.
a person bends at the waist with their arms out to the sides, then rises to a standing position.
a person stands and waves with their left hand.
a person is doing jumping jacks.
a person bends down to pick up a towel with their left hand, then proceeds to dry off by rubbing the towel against their body.
a person leans over to pick something up, then walks in a circle.
a person is jumping up and down.
a person squats slightly with arms out to the sides.
a person picks something up and sets it down.
a person walks in a circle.
person is standing then raising arms above head.
a person is standing, then bends at the waist, and then raises their hand to their face.
a person walks forward while holding onto something with their left hand.
a person walks up a flight of stairs.
a person slowly walks forward.
a person throws a left uppercut
a person walks forward while trying to maintain their balance
the person is catching a ball and then throwing it back.
a person kicks their left leg out
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides takes four quick steps forward, stops and stands still.
a person leans over and makes a motion with their left arm.
a person stands still with their hands on their hips and then moves them to their chest.
a person who seems to be lifting a dumbbell with his left arm.
a person walks backwards.
a person steps to the left and holds their left hand out as if they were holding something.
a person swings both arms back and forth while walking in place.
a person is sitting on the floor with arms up and moving around.
a person is doing jumping jacks.
a person is walking sideways.
a person walks in a diagonal to their right, then walks back to where they started.
a person walks in place
a person alternates standing on their left and right foot while moving their arms.
a person is marching in place while moving their arms around
a person is jogging in place.
a person walks forward while holding onto something.
a person walks forward, turns around, and walks back.
a person walks forward swinging their arms as if dancing, then turns around and walks back swinging his arms.
a person walks forward, turns around and sits down.
a person squats up and down.
a person raises their right arm and appears to be waving to someone.
a person does starjumps
a person steps backward while stretching their right arm forward, then steps back again.
a person walks forward and to the left.
a person walks backwards in a straight line.
person appears to be moving something around
a person is doing shoulder lifting exercise
a person takes a few steps back, leaning to the left.
a person walks forward, then turns to the left and walks more.
a person walks forward and sits down.
a person is jogging in place.
a person takes a few steps forward, then makes the sign of the cross.
a person raises their left hand to their face.
a person gets down on their knees.
a person walks forward while holding something with their left hand.
a person with their arms straight out, then puts their arms down and then raises their arms again
a person turns side to side and punches with both hands.
a person walks forward and turns to their left.
a person lifts their right leg and does a kicking motion
a person runs forward a few steps.
a person throws their hand to their head
a person walks forward while swaying his arms.
a person does upper body warm up.
a person walks forward while balancing on a beam
a person jogs forward.
a person walks backwards a few steps, turns around and walks forward.
a person walks forward slowly, and carefully.
a person walks forward and raises their arms up and down
a person holds their left arm up to their face.
a person takes a couple steps forward while swinging their arms.
a person holds their arms up and makes small circles.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle.
a person raises their left and right arm and bends them up and down.
a person walks forward while swinging their right arm.
a person squats with their arms bent and then lifts them up
a person walks forward, then turns around and runs back.
a person walks forward and gets on their hands and knees.
person is moving something with both hands.
person is doing jumping jacks
a person reaches down to pick something up with their left hand, and then steps backwards
a person does a jumping jack.
a person climbs up on a stool and then steps down.
a person kicks out with their left leg, then brings their left hand down from their head.
a person standing still, turns to the right and walks backwards, then turns to their left and wal
a person holds their hands up to their chest, then moves them to their side.
a person walks up to the camera, bends down and picks something up, then turns around and walks away.
a person stands with hands out in front of them, slightly bent at the knees, and then leans to the left and holds the pose.
a person is standing in place while moving their arms around.
a person reaches their arms forward and back and up and down
a person is doing jumping jacks.
a person walks backwards slowly.
a person turns to their left while holding on to something with their left hand.
a person takes two steps backwards.
a person appears to be making a phone call.
a person walks in a clockwise circle.
a person walks forward, turns around, walks back.
a person is drinking out of a cup.
a person standing still with both arms straight out then bringing them inward
a person raises their left hand to their head.
a person raises and lowers their arm in front of them.
a person walks forward and is pushed to the left but stays on their feet.
a person throws an item with their left arm.
a person lifts weights with his left hand
person is moving hands side to side
a person spreads their arms out like bird wings and then puts their arms back down at their side.
a person walks forward and to the left.
a person walks forward and then turns around and walks back.
a person hops in place, then moves their right leg as if kicking a ball
a person walks in a counter clockwise circle.
a person turns to the left and stumbles.
a person steps backward, sits down on the ground, and then stands back up.
a person shakes their shoulders and arms by bending them repeatedly at the elbow
a person is standing and then reaches forward with their left arm.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person walks forward and turns around.
a person walks backwards slowly.
a person standing still with arms at shoulder height and hands pointing inwards, then brings their left arm up and forward, then back down to their side.
a person walks forward in an s shape, turns around and walks back.
person is looking through binoculars
person standing still with both arms extended out to the sides then brings them down to their side.
a person is doing jumping jacks.
a person swings their arms from side to side, then bends down, then swings arms again
a person is standing up then gets on their knees
a person is pushed backwards
a person slowly walks forward, leaning to their left.
a person reaches forward with their right hand, turns to their left and reaches again, then turns back to the right and reaches.
a person walks forward and turns around to jog back.
the person is doing the breast stroke.
a person walks forward, picks up an object with their right hand, then walks backwards.
a person makes the cross sign on their chest and then raises their hands in the air.
a person is squatting and moving their arms.
a person walks forward at a normal pace.
a person is in a squat position then gets back up.
a person stands up from a kneeling position
a person checks the watch on their left wrist.
a person stands and puts both arms in the air
a person walks up a flight of stairs.
a person takes a step forward and reaches down with their left hand.
a person walks in a half circle to the left, then walks back.
a person throws an uppercut with their left arm.
a person walks forward and then turns around and walks back.
a person takes a bow forwards and backwards.
a person appears to be looking around and possibly taking in a view.
a person walks forward and then turns to the left and steps up on something, then turns back around and walks back.
a person does a karate kick
a person is crouching, and moving both arms.
a person walks forward very slowly.
a person walks forward and then turns around and walks back.
a person stands with his hands out from his sides and slightly bent.
a person is standing still, puts their arms out to the side, then back down to their side
a person paces back and forth while holding their hands together.
a person holds their arms bent and up to their shoulders, and sit down.
a person kicks with their right leg
a person walks forward while keeping their arms out and then turns around and walks back.
a person turns to the side, then picks something up and sets it down.
a person waving with their left hand.
person stands with their arms bent in front of them, and then steps backwards.
person is doing warm up
a person slowly lifts their left arm then their right arm up and down.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person takes a step forward with their left leg.
a person does jumping jacks.
person is standing with hands on head.
a person throws something with their left arm
a person holds their hands up in front of their face, then lowers them to their sides, and then raises them again.
the person is punching with their right hand.
the person walks in a counterclockwise circle.
a person walks in place slowly
a person walks in an anti counterclockwise circle.
a person walks up to a door, knocks on it, then walks back.
a person is doing a warm up routine.
a person who is running jogs forward
a person steps forward, picks up something with their left hand and wipes it with their right hand, then sets it down and steps back.
a person is standing still, then lifts both arms up and out to the side, level with their shoulders, then puts them back down.
a person is doing upper body stretches.
person squats down and then jumps forward.
a person is sitting down, and then puts their hands to their head.
a person is balancing on their left leg, holding their right leg out to the side.
a person holds onto a rail while walking up the stairs
a person walks backward, then turns to the left and walks forward.
a person is walking and leaning on the ground with their right hand.
a person steps forward, picks something up, then walks in a counter clockwise circle.
a person holds their arm out in front of them.
a person does a cartwheel and a head turn
a person is in a squat position
a person jumps vertically while extending their legs and arms outward, then returns to a standing position.
a person waves with their left arm
the person is doing a tennis match.
a person picks something up with their left hand.
a person walks in a counter clockwise circle.
a person holds something up to their face.
a person walks forward and turns around to walk back.
a person lifts their arms above their head and moves them around
a person is swinging their arm like they are throwing something.
a person standing and turning to the right and left
a person crosses their arms
a person takes a few steps back and sits down on the floor.
a person steps to the left with their left leg, while keeping their right leg in place, then takes two steps backward with both legs.
a person walks forward while swinging their arms
a person moves their arms and legs around while bending over.
a person is pushed backwards but does not fall.
person is doing a warm up routine with their arms moving
person is squatting with arms on knees.
a person crouches down and picks something up, then stands up and walks forward.
a person takes two steps forward.
a person uses their left arm to wipe something off.
a person does a left leg stretch
a person slowly walks forward while raising their arms to the air
person hops to the left
a person is jogging in place, then walks backward, then jogs in place again.
a person walks to the right then the left while bending over
a person walks forward while holding onto something with their right hand.
a person does a hop and a jump
a person walks forward and then stops.
a person stands still, raises their hands to their face, then lowers them back down to their sides.
a person standing up, moving hands back and forth.
a person takes a few steps forward, then walks backwards to the left and reaches down to grab something off the ground, before stepping backwards once more.
a person is standing still, then brings their right hand up to their face.
a person walks forward and then stops.
a person is doing upper body stretches
a person puts their arms in the air and bends them
a person bends down and moves forward.
a person walks to the left and stops.
person stands up from the ground and walks in a circle
the person is making a motion like he is swinging a bat.
a person eats soup with their right hand.
the person is standing and making the cross sign on their chest.
a person is sitting down and moving their hands.
a person stands and moves their hands around.
a person walks backward, crouches, and then gets up and walks forward.
a person is standing in place then waving with their hands above their head.
a person walks forward, turns around and walks back.
a person picks up something and tilts it to their right.
a person walks forward in a straight line.
a person throws a left jab with their left arm.
a person walks forward and turns to the right and walks back.
person walks forward and back while holding something with their left hand
a person sits down and gets back up.
a person is making the cross sign on their chest
a person stumbles forward, but regains their balance.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle.
a person is standing and making a motion with their left hand.
a person walks forward and then turns around and walks back.
a person doing starjumps
a person walks forward and stops.
a person bends their right arm and then bends it again
a person is doing upper body stretches
a person stands in a martial arts ready stance, slowly lowers their left hand, and then raises their right hand in front of them.
person appears to be moving something from right to left
a person raises their left arm to cover their mouth.
a person checks their head for something.
a person stands still, then begins to make rotating motions with their right hand, then switches to their left hand.
a person leans forward and picks something up from the ground with their left hand, before turning around to the left and putting the item down on a surface.
a person steps back, sits down and then gets back up.
a person with their arms up in a defensive position
a person walks forward and then stops.
a person squats with arms bent, then jumps up and turns to the right.
a person walks forward while placing their right hand on something.
a person is dancing around while holding their hands up and out to the sides of their body.
a person is doing jumping jacks.
a person makes a punching motion with his right hand.
a person walks forward and to the side.
a person walks diagonally to the left.
a person is squatting and looking back and forth.
a person is pushed to the left and then steps back.
a person takes a few steps back and then sits down on the ground, before getting back up.
a person stands and waves their hands in front of their body.
a person stretches their back by bending over and grabbing their legs.
a person stands with both arms out, bent in front of them, and then raises their hands up above their head, bend at the elbow, and puts them back down
a person walks forward and then stops.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle
a person is using a touch screen
a person raises their hands shoulder height, then lowers them, then raises them again.
a person is waving with their right hand.
a person walks forward and to the left.
a person walks forward, stumbles, and then walks again.
a person gets down on their knees.
a person stands and holds their head in their left hand, then they let their hand down.
a person stands in a t-pose
a man walks in place.
a person runs in place
a person raises their arms shoulder height and waves them back and forth.
a person lifts both arms, makes a small circular motion, then brings the left arm forward.
a person raises his left arm and bends his left elbow inward.
person is standing in place with hands near face, swaying back and forth
a person is doing arm circles.
a person raises their arms above their head and then lowers them back down.
a person gets down on their hands and knees and crawls forward.
person holds something up to their face
a person brings their hands up to their face, then lowers them back to their sides.
a person does starjumps
a person quickly runs in a straight line.
person is waving with their left hand
a person stands with legs shoulder-width apart and both arms bent inwards, before hopping on the right leg and then on the left.
a person steps to the side and then holds up their left arm.
person is doing a running in place.
a person grabbed something with right hand and start to play with it
a person walks forward while swaying both arms.
a person is standing and swaying.
a person takes two steps to the left.
a person walks forward and sits down.
a person does jumping jacks.
a person balancing on their left foot while using their right foot to kick something.
a person is doing jumping jacks.
a person is standing in place, moving their right hand in a forward and backward motion
a person raises their arms to shoulder height, and then moves their arms forward and back.
a person standing in place and moving their right arm.
a person is waving with their arms bent at the elbow.
a person takes something from their left pocket, puts it in front of them, and then puts it back in their left side pocket.
a person raises their arms above their head, then bends down to stretch their back and legs.
a person jogs in place.
a person lifts his right hand and waves.
a person walks forward while holding something with their right hand for balance.
a person shakes their hips and hands.
a person is walking forward while swinging their arms around.
a person walks up the stairs while holding onto something with their right hand.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle.
a person is in a t-pose with arms outstretched to the side.
a person kicks out with their left leg.
a person walks forward, turns right and walks a bit more.
person spins around with arms up, then moves arms in a figure 8 motion.
a person walks forward while keeping his arms on something to his sides.
a person paces back-and-forth in front of them.
a person walks forward, then turns around and jogs back.
a person raised the hads and started to throw something
a person walks forward and then stops.
a person is pacing back and forth.
a person walks in a circle while holding on to something with their right hand.
the person is doing a warm up.
a person has their arms extended outwards and then brings them inwards and extends them again.
a person walks forward in a straight line
a person stands in place and raises their hands to their face
a person standing still.
a person is doing a warm-up routine
a person is standing still and then moves slightly.
a person lifts their arms up and down as if they are lifting weights.
a person is standing on one foot and bending the other foot up and down.
a person jumps and extends their arms outward
a person reaches out in front of them with their left hand.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle, then sits down on the floor.
a person runs in place
a person stands on their left leg and hops on their right.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person takes four small steps forward.
a person walks forward, turns to the left, and then sits down on a stool.
a person holds their hands up to their face.
a person walks forward while holding onto a rail with their left hand.
a person walks forward, turns to their right, walks a bit more, turns again to their left, and walks more.
a person walks forward and stumbles to their right, before regaining balance and continuing to walk forward.
a person takes a big step with their right leg
a person picks something up and puts it down.
a person runs in a diagonal.
person walks back and then throws football
a person takes two steps back.
a person walks forward very slowly.
a person walks back and then jumps forward.
a person kneels down and crawls forward.
a person walks forward and is pushed to the left but regains balance.
a person walks forward, placing their left foot in front of their right, and then turns to the right and walks towards the camera.
a person does a martial arts kick
a person stands and rotates their arms above their head in a circular motion
a person is doing arm stretches.
a person walks forward and then stops.
a person who is squatting gets up.
a person slowly walks forward, then turns around and walks back.
a person walks forward and picks up an object from the ground.
person walks forward with hands out then turns around and walks back
a person jogs back and forth
a person is flailing his arms around.
a person walks forward and to the right.
a person reaches forward with their left hand and then with their right hand, then puts something down on the ground.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle.
a person is swimming like a fly.
a person walks forward, raises their arms and then turns around and walks back.
a person makes a football throw
a person walks forward and opens a door
a person is facing forward with their hands out to their sides, and then they turn to their left and pick something up.
a person stretches both arms out to the side
a person is pacing back and forth.
person walks forward and does a jumping jack
a person runs forward and then stops.
a person puts their left arm above their head and then lowers it back to their side.
a person raises their right arm above their head.
person stands in place while moving arms and hips up and down and then jumps
a person lifts their right arm and looks at their watch.
a person takes four steps forward.
the person is dancing with their hands up
a person kicks their right leg forward.
person is making a cross sign on their chest.
a person walks forward and picks up something with their right hand. they then turn around and set it down.
the person is throwing a football.
a person puts their hands on something and then raises their hands above their head
a person walks forward and spins around and walks back
a person puts their hands to their face and looks down.
a person walks forward and steps up onto something, then continues to walk.
a person holds their hands to their face and looks from side to side.
a person walks in a clockwise circle.
a person is waving with their right hand.
a person walks and stumbles slightly to the left before regaining their balance.
a person walks in a quarter circle to the left.
a person crouches and then jumps forward.
a person walks forward and picks something up with their right hand, then walks backwards.
a man with his hands together and arms bent, is doing a warm up exercise.
a person is standing on their left leg, and moving their right leg around.
a person throws something with their left hand.
person waving with left hand.
a person turns to the left and steps away from the screen.
a person walks in a circle.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person holds something to their head and repeats a phrase
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle.
a person walks forward, turns around, and walks back.
a person sits down on the floor and then stands back up.
a person stands facing forward with their arms bent, then they dance in place
a person walks forward and touches the wall with their right hand for balance.
a person paces back-and-forth anxiously
a person walks forward and stops.
a person is warming up and stretching.
a person takes a single step to the left.
a person checks the watch on their right hand.
a person walks forward and picks something up off the ground.
a person has their head bent over and is looking from side to side.
a person walks in a circle.
a person walks forward and then turns around.
a person walks diagonally in a figure 8 pattern.
a person is dancing with his partner
a person stands in place while waving with his left hand.
a person is jogging in place.
a person walks forward and picks something up with their right hand.
a person paces back and forth nervously.
a person holds something up to their face with one hand, and then with both hands.
a person stands still, then moves their arms, and then steps backward.
a person holds their head in their left hand.
a person bends at the waist, placing his hands in front of him, then bends forward, placing both hands on the ground, then stands back up.
a person walks forward, swaying their arms slightly as if they were walking in a line.
a person walks forward and steps to the side.
a person walks forward and then stops.
a person lifts their arms up and down
a person blocks with their right arm.
person is doing a hand gesture
a person sprints forward, jumps and lands on their feet, and then sprint forward again.
a person walks forward swinging their arms in a confident manner.
person kneels down on right knee
a person kicks a ball with their right foot
a person walks forward with their arms out and bent.
a person jumps and spins in place.
a person walks forward while swinging their arms
a person stretches his right arm up high.
a person crosses their legs and bends down to pick something up from the ground.
a person stretches their back by bending forward and back
a person bends over and raises their hands, and then they put something down and raise their hands again.
person is jogging in place.
a person walks forward in a diagonal.
a person holds something with their right hand and swings their left hand in a motion as if they were to throw something.
a person walks forward and then stops.
a person holds something up to their face.
a person is making a phone call.
a person quickly walks forward.
a person appears to be moving something from right to left.
a person walks in a circle.
a person is doing a warm up stretching routine
a person is jogging.
a person walks forward then steps back and then walks again.
a person holds their hands up to their head, and then lowers them back to their sides.
a person is dancing with their arms out.
a person catches and throws something with their left hand.
a person stumbles forward and then walks back.
a person walks forward and then stops.
a person bends down and picks up an object with their right hand.
a person squats down and then stands back up.
a person takes steps with both hands out front, moving back and forth.
a person walks forward while holding onto a rail with their left hand.
a person jumps in place.
person lifts up right hand to head.
person squats and jumps upward
a person sits down on the ground.
a person jogs forward and then stops.
a person picks up an object with both hands, rotates it to the left, and sets it back down.
a person walks forward and turns around, walks back and stops.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle.
a person takes a large step to the left.
a person walks back to sit on a chair, then stands up and walks away.
a person cross-legged sits down on the ground and then stands back up.
a person sprints forward.
a person uses their right hand to unzip their pants
a person is standing in place and then moving their hands around.
a person jogs quickly forward, then turns around and walks backwards, then squats and gets up and runs forwards again.
a person raises their arms and waves.
person walks forward and then turns around and walks back
a person walks forward and sits down in a chair.
a person walks forward, turns to the left and walks back.
a person throws their arms forward
a person jumps up and down repeatedly, raising their arms and rotating their hips as they do.
a person walks up some stairs.
a person stomps their right foot on the ground.
a person raised hand and hit with something
a person is clapping their hands.
person walks forward and stumbles slightly to the left before recovering and walking forward.
a person puts their right arm out in front of them.
a person bends at the knees and hops in place three times.
a person raised the hands and after did the jump
a person kicks with their right leg repeatedly
a person swings their left arm in a circular motion while making a "s" motion with their right arm
a person holds their arms up and then puts them back down
a person is standing, and then leans over and does a magic trick.
a person walks in a circle.
a person walks forward and then turns around and walks back.
a person walks forward and then turns to the left, walks, and then stops.
a person reaches down to pick something up.
a person steps back and stumbles, then bends down.
a person is walking and kicking at the ground, then walks backwards and stops.
a person is doing a squat
a person is sitting down.
a person is flapping their arms like a bird
a person takes a step forward.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person moves their arms in circular motions, then brings both arms up and bends them at the elbow, then moves both arms in a circular motion.
a person stands on the ground and stomps their right leg.
a person raises their hands to their face and makes a slashing motion with their left hand.
a person grabbing something with their left hand, then moving it with their right, then wiping it down.
a person takes several steps forward, then stops.
a person walks forward and then stops.
a person walks forward, turns around and walks back.
a person picks up an object on the left and moves it to the right
a person raises his arms and bends them inward
a person lifts their hand to their face.
a person squats and raises his right arm above his head.
a person walks forward diagonally.
a person is doing a karate kick.
a person claps their hands then puts their arms back down at their side.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person slowly walks forward and picks up a cup and drinks from it.
a person is doing upper body stretches
a person is pushed backwards slightly.
a person does a jumping jack.
a person is walking in a defensive position.
a person stands still with his arms slightly bent, then he bends more on his right knee.
a person does a jumping jack
person puts their hands to their face and bends to the right
a person moves their hands forward in a circular motion.
person walks forward and picks up something with right hand and walks back.
a person with his arms bent, stands on one leg and shakes his leg and arm, before returning to a standing position.
a person walks forward, swinging his arms.
a person appears to be washing himself with his left hand.
person is pushed from right to left but does not fall down.
a person claps their hands then puts them back down.
a person walks forward, turns around and walks backwards.
a person takes a step forward and stumbles.
a person walks up a flight of stairs then turns around and walks back down the steps
a person walks forward and swings his arms side to side.
person is jogging in place
a person holds their hands together and then places them near their chest
a person walks forward a few steps.
a person walks forward and then turns around and walks back.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person spins around in a circle, raising their hands.
a person walks forward and turns around and walks back.
a person walks and sits down.
a person is flailing their arms while standing in place.
a person side-steps to their left.
a person holds their hands up to their face and then kicks their left leg out in front of them.
a person walks in a circle while holding on to something.
a person jumps up and forward, landing with their legs spread out and arms loosely at their side.
a person steps forward and reaches for something with their left hand.
a person walks backwards slowly, then turns around and jogs forward.
a person jogs to the right, then to the left, then back to the middle.
a person is waving with his left hand.
a person steps to the left, then raises their hands in front of their face and back down to their sides.
a person steps to the left, leans to the right, then walks back to the center.
a person walks forward and climbs a few steps, turns around, and walks back.
a person is walking with their arms outstretched for balance.
a person walks forward while bending over.
person is getting ready to throw a javelin
a person walks forward and stops.
a person is walking forward and then turns around.
a person walks in a clockwise circle
a person runs forward.
a person reaches forward with their right arm, moves their arm in a circular motion, and then reaches forward again with their left arm.
a person throws a tennis match.
a person holds something up to their face.
a person steps to the left and then to the right.
a person walks forward while holding onto something with their right hand.
person lifts both arms sideways and then puts them back down.
a person raises their right hand and turns it over to bend their right arm.
a person reaches out to grab something, raises it to their face, and then sets it down.
a person jogs quickly forward.
a person sits on a chair, leans back, and makes small rotary motions with both arms.
a person with both arms bent at the elbow, puts their right arm down and then puts their left arm down.
a person walks backward and then throws something.
a person walks forward, picks something up with their left hand and walks back.
a person walks forward at a medium pace.
a person jumps up and down two times.
a person squats and jumps forward.
a person looks around while holding an object in their left hand, then takes a drink from the object.
a person slowly walks forward and stops.
a person is standing up and making a drinking motion with their left hand.
a person steps to the right then left and moves their hands in front of them.
a person checks the watch on their right wrist.
the person is doing punching motions.
a person throws something with their left arm and then catches something with both hands.
a person stands on their right leg and cross legged, they then stand on their left leg.
a person standing and moving hand
a person walks back and forth while pounding on the ground with his feet.
a person is waving with his left hand.
a person walks forward while swaying their arms.
a person is crouching and looking around.
a person walks forward while holding onto something with their left hand.
a person jogs on the spot
a person moves their hands around their waist.
a person walks forward while holding onto something with their right hand.
a person is sitting down and then gets up.
a person leans forward with their right arm extended.
a person lifts their right hand to their head, and then back down to their side.
a person walks forward, leans on a surface, and then turns to walk back.
a person walks forward and picks something up.
a person picks up an object with their left hand, then uses their right hand to touch the object repeatedly, then places the object back down with their right.
a person is dancing with their hands above their head.
person walks backwards while turning left.
person walks forward and spins around on their right foot
a person stands still, then raises their arms out to the side
a person walks forward and then slides to the left.
a person is doing arm exercises
a person jogs in place.
a person does upper body stretches.
person lifts object from left side, turns and places it on right side.
a person walks forward and turns around.
a person is standing still, swaying their body slightly.
a person is walking on the spot, and then begins to run.
a person walks forward and turns to the left.
person is making the motions of washing the dog
a person steps to the left, then back to the right.
a person walks forward, bends down, and then walks back.
a person walks forward, turns around and walks back.
person stands still then walks forward and then puts left arm forward
person is walking forward hunched over.
the person is warming up his arms.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person is playing a violin
a person lifts their hands towards their face.
a person is waving with their hands above their head
a person with their arms bent, punches with their right arm.
a person has both hands on their head and is looking around
a person standing still then spins around clockwise.
a person walks in a clockwise circle while raising their right hand and placing it on an object above their head.
a person steps forward and holds their face.
a person slowly throws a left punch
a person moves something from the right to the left
a person jogs to the right, then to the left, then back to the center.
a person stands in place and makes the "rolling" motion with their left hand.
a person standing still with hands out from the sides, bends at the knees and waist and extends arms out to the side, bending elbows, and then jumps up and down.
a person kicks out with their left leg
a person walks forward while swaying their arms.
a person walks forward, turns around, and walks back.
a person checks their watch on their right hand.
a person is warming up their arms.
a person walks forward and then stops and then walks forwards again.
a person stumbles to the left.
a person is doing a dance.
a person leans down to pick something up with their right hand.
a person walks in a straight line
a person is flapping his arms like bird wings.
a person lifts their arms above their head, and makes circular motions.
the person is doing a warm up with their arms.
a person is pushed to the left
a person is doing a shoulder stretch.
a person walks forward at a medium pace.
a person holds something in his left hand and swings his right arm in a circular motion, then throws something with his right hand.
a person is in a t-pose
a person leans over to the right.
a person jabs with their right hand
a person reaches down with their left hand to pick something up, and then sets it down.
a person puts his left hand to his face.
a person reaches down to their right with their left hand and then to their left with their right hand.
a person puts both arms in the air and shakes
a person sits down on the floor and gets back up.
a person walks forward very slowly
a person raises their right hand to their head and then lowers it back down to their side.
a person standing still and then lifting their arms out to the sides.
a person walks in a counter clockwise circle.
a person stands and shuffles back and forth.
a person puts their arms on their hips and jumps up and down
a person lifts their left arm up to their head and scratches their scalp.
a person is standing still, then brings their left arm up and out, before stopping.
a person takes a big step to the left
a person is pushed to the ground and gets back up
person is doing upper body warm up
a person walks forward while standing still.
a person raises their hands to their face.
the person is running in a diagonal.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle.
a person is jogging in place.
a person bends down and picks something up with their right hand, then they stand back up.
a person walks forward and then steps backward.
a person walks forward, bends down, and then walks backwards.
person makes a stirring motion with their right hand.
a person holds their hands out in front of them, and then lowers them back to their sides.
a person does a jumping jack.
a person is marching in place.
a person is standing still with their arms straight out to the sides, then bends their arms inward to their chest.
a person is walking side to side
a person gets on their hands and knees and crawls forward.
a person waves with their right hand.
a person side-steps to the left, then to the right.
a person walks forward, turns around, and walks back.
a person takes a couple steps forward.
a person takes one step forward.
a person squats down and touches the ground with their knees and hands, then gets back up.
the person jumps and turns to the left.
person is doing upper body stretches
a person wipes something with their left arm.
a person sits down on the floor.
a person is standing with his arms bent at the elbows and hands at shoulder height.
a person plays a violin.
a person stands still, then walks backwards.
a person does a jumping jack.
a person is looking around.
a person steps back and holds their hands up to their face.
person is standing and pointing.
a person raises their arms and makes a slashing motion with their right arm.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person steps to the left and then reaches back with their left hand and grabs something
a person is in a squat position.
a person is waving with their left hand.
a person raises their arms and bends down as if theyre catching a ball and then throwing it back.
a person raises his left arm and right arm above his head.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person steps to the side, holds something up to their face, then puts it back down.
a person standing in place claps his hands together
a person does a left leg kick.
a person is balancing on their right leg.
a person stands in place
a person sits down and stands back up.
a person holds his hands out in front of him, slightly to his sides, then turns slightly to the right and extends his left hand out in a "what" motion.
a person standing still, then stumbles to the right.
a person slowly walks in place.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person walks forward while holding something up with their left hand, then walks back.
a person walks forward and stumbles as if they were pushed.
a person takes a big step forward
a person gets on their hands and knees and crawls forwards.
a person turns to the side, leans forward and extends his left arm, then turns to his right and extends both arms outward.
a person lifts their left leg and kicks out in front of them.
a person picks up an item with their left hand and uses it to wipe something.
a person walks forward while swinging their arms.
a person crosses their arms over their chest.
person squats down and puts left hand on knee and then stands back up.
a person picks something up with both hands and moves it to their right.
a person standing up doing upper body stretches
a person is performing a dance.
a person walks in a circle while swinging their arms.
a person takes a few steps forward.
a person walks forward casually
a person doing swimming exercises
a person steps their right foot forward.
a person swings both arms in front of them.
a person takes a step forward and reaches down with their left arm to grab an object from the ground, then walks back to the original position.
a person walks forward, then turns right and walks in a counterclockwise circle.
a person swings both arms in a circle, then makes a tennis match and swings arms again.
a person punches the air with his right hand.
a person steps back, sits down, then gets back up.
a person standing in a t-pose.
a person walks forward while swinging their arms in a confident manner.
a person swings his right arm across his body.
a person is crouching down and crawling.
a person walks forward and turns around to walk back.
a person squats down with their hands in front of them, and then stands back up
a person walks forward and to the right
a person walks in a circle, then turns around and walks back to their original position.
a person walks forward, turns around, and walks back.
a person is standing still, then reaches forward with their right hand, then returns to a standing position.
a person throws an object with his left hand.
a person walks forward slowly while looking around.
a person walks forward and then pauses and then walks back and pausks again
a person raises their left leg and does a kick
a person standing in place, waving with their left arm.
the person turns to the left then sits down and gets back up.
a person standing still, then moves hands around in front of them, then standing still again.
a person standing and looking back and forth
a person walks forward, turns around, and walks back.
a person walks forward while holding onto something with their left hand.
a person appears to be moving something with their left hand.
a person walks forward while holding onto a rail.
person appears to be moving something with right hand.
the person is doing a squat
a person holds their hands up to their face, then lowers them back down to their sides.
a person walking with their arms out for balance
a person walks backwards
a person is standing with their arms bent at the elbow and shoulders bent forward, then they turn to the left and bend forward, placing their hands on their hips, then back to standing.
person squats down and then jumps up.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person sits down with legs crossed and then stands back up.
a person is standing in place, then waving with his hands out.
a person jumps up and down while facing forward.
a person walks forward and steps over something.
a person walks up a flight of stairs while holding on to a rail with their left hand.
a person holds something up to their face.
a person is sitting on the floor, then stands up and walks away.
a person holds their arms out and jogs in place.
a person walks forward while swinging their arms, then turns around and walks back.
a person standing up takes a fall forward.
a person swings their arms like they are warming up.
a person is in a dance pose.
a person jogs in place.
a person gets down on their hands and knees and looks around.
person is clapping, then walking to the left
a person moves their hands around near their chest.
a person does a kick
a person throws something with their left arm.
a person picks up a large object with both hands and walks to the left.
a person is using a touch screen
the person is throwing a football.
a person walks forward and then puts their left arm on a surface and then turns to the left and raises their left hand and then lowers it.
a person walks forward a few steps.
a person raises and lowers their left and right arms.
a person reaches out with their right arm, reaches forward, then reaches backward.
a person gets down on hands and knees and crawls to the right, then back to the left, and then back up to a standing position.
a person takes a few steps forward.
a person raises their arms above their head, then lowers them back down to their sides.
a person standing in place then putting their hands down.
a person walks forward in place
a person holds their hands up to their head and bends down, then they stand back up and extend their arms out to the sides.
a person walks in a counter clockwise circle.
a person raised the left hand and after made some jesture with the right
a person is performing a dance routine.
a person throws a left hook
a person walks forward and to the left.
a person blocks with both arms.
a person walks forward and stumbles.
a person steps backward two steps, then turns around to walk back.
a person walks forward while placing their left hand on a surface to their left.
a person is bending down doing some thing with their left hand
a person walks forward while balancing on a beam.
a person stands and makes the cross sign on their chest.
a person does a left leg kick.
a person does jumping jacks.
a person swings their arms in a clockwise circle.
a person sits down and then stands back up.
person walks forward and does a cart wheel.
a person standing on the ground with arms outstretched
a person walks forward and then stops.
a person kicks with their left leg twice.
a person lowers their arms, then raises them again.
a person walks forward, placing one foot in front of the other, then stops.
a person walks in a half circle to the left.
a person raises their hands to their face.
a person moves their arms in a circular motion.
a person holds their arms out to the side, then brings them in front of them and moves them back and forth.
a person steps backward and then lifts an object with their left hand and then sets it down again.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person is standing still then walks backwards a few steps.
a person is jumping up and down with their arms bent.
person walks forward and sits down.
a person walks in a circle with their hands in front of their face.
a person takes a step forward, raises his left arm, and then turns around.
a person walks forward, turns to the right and walks away
a person walks forward while holding onto something with their right hand, then turns around and walks backwards while holding something with both hands.
a man kicks with his right leg.
a person reaches down and picks up something with their right hand and pours it.
a person is picking up a horizontal object with both hands.
person holds hands up and down and jumps in place
the person walks in a counter clockwise circle
a person stands on their left leg and balances on their right.
a person puts their hands to their chest, then puts them down to their sides.
a person standing up, bending down, and then standing back up.
a person is dancing with their partner
a person has their arms bent and straightens them out.
person steps forward and moves arms in a wiping motion
a person walks forward, squats down and then walks back.
a person walks side to side while waving their arms in front of them.
a person is standing still.
a person slowly walks in place.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person steps backwards.
a person is pushed forward.
a person is crying into their hands.
a person is jumping up and down.
a person does a ballet dance
a person walks forward in a straight line
person is doing a side step
a person walks forward, turns around and walks back.
a person stumbles backwards.
a person slowly walked backwards and after walked forward
a person walks in a clockwise quarter circle.
a person jogs to the left and then jogs back to the right.
a person sprints forward quickly.
a person walks forward and then turns around and walks back.
a person is standing still, then brings their right arm up to their head, as if they are checking the time.
a person walks to the side then back to the center.
a person is dancing the waltz.
a person walks in a circle
person has arms out to the sides, then moves them in and out.
a person is blocking with their left arm
a person walks forward and stops.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person bends their knees and jumps vertically multiple times.
a person walks forward while holding onto something with their right hand.
a person raises their arms and then lowers them.
a person is standing and then reaches out in front of them.
a person jumps in the air with both arms loosely at their side.
a person sits down on the ground cross-legged, then gets back up.
a person holds their hands out in front of them and bends their arms at the elbow as if they are warming up their arms.
person walks forward while slightly swaying arms.
a person is walking back and forth.
a person walks forward while holding on to something with their left hand.
person is on their hands and knees and then gets back up
a person takes a step to the left with their left leg.
a person doing starjumps
a person runs forward, turns around, and walks back.
a person holds their hands up in front of their chest, shoulder height, and then lowers them to their sides.
a person walks forward while holding on to something with their left hand.
a person crouches down and grabs something with both hands.
a person kicks with their right leg.
a person takes a step forward, reaches out and touches something with their right hand, then takes a couple steps backwards.
person walks forward and picks something up
a person lifts his left hand to his head.
a person lifts an object with both hands and moves it to the right.
a person performs a cartwheel forward.
a person lifts their arms above their head and bends them at the elbow repeatedly.
a person is walking side to side.
a person with their hands at their face, shake their arms back and forth.
a person is standing and moves his arms around.
a man walks in a circle while waving.
a person slowly throws their arms up in the air.
a person walks in a clockwise circle.
a person is standing in place and moving hands up and down
a person holds their left arm out and waving.
person walks forward and washes something with their left hand.
a person picks something up and then washes it.
a person jumps up and down.
a person walks backwards, then sidesteps to the left, then back to the right, then walks forward.
a person stands and moves their arms in a circular motion.
a person takes a step back with their left leg, raises their arms, and makes a throwing motion with their right arm.
a person walks forward and turns around.
a person takes a step forward with his left leg.
a person is waving with their left hand.
a person walks forward, turns around and walks back.
a person walks forward while placing their right hand on something.
a person walks forward and then turns around and walks back.
the person is doing warm up exercises
a person is sitting and moving their arms up and down.
a person swings their arm from the right to the left.
a person jogs in place.
a person stretches to the left with their arms above their head
a person is waving with their left arm.
a person takes steps forward, reaches down, and then turns around to walk away.
a person raises both arms above their head.
a person paces back-and-forth
a person walks forward while holding onto a rail with their right hand.
a person walks forward and stops.
a man is standing still, then crosses his arms and then uncrosses them.
a person squats with their arms above their head, then they stand back up and repeat.
a person puts both arms out, shoulder height, and moves the left arm.
the person is doing a tennis match.
a person is punching the air with his left hand.
a person bends down and goes on their hands and knees.
the person is doing a dance.
person walks forward and then staggers to the right
a person walks forward and turns to the left.
a person quickly jogs forward.
a person walks in place.
a person walks forward and then stops.
the person was doing some thing with his left arm.
a person picks up both hands and moves them in front of them.
a person walks forward and picks something up with their right hand.
a person picks something up with both hands and sets it down with one hand.
a person stands on a slight slant, leaning to the right, and bends their right knee slightly.
a person is doing warm up exercises.
a person walks in a diagonal then picks something up from the ground and walks back.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person walks forward casually.
a person holds his hands out in front of him and does a jabbing motion with his left hand.
a person is stretching their right leg behind them and to the side.
a person is stretching their arms out and then swinging their right arm.
a person walks forward holding onto something with their left hand.
a person throws a hook punch with their right hand.
a person walks forward and then picks something up
a person walks forward while holding onto something with their right hand.
a person walks forward and makes a motion as if they are mixing something
a person waves with their left hand.
a person walks forward while slightly bent over.
a person moves something to their right.
a person is in a squat position.
a person walks to the left, turns around and walks back to the right.
a person kicks a ball.
a person has their arms extended out to the sides, then brings them inward and extends them again.
a person is squatting and moving their arms.
a person is squatting and lifting both arms to shoulder level.
person is walking in a diagonal
a person runs forward and stops.
a person walks forward and to the side
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle.
a person walks forward and jumps off of something.
a person is standing in a t-pose
a person has arms straight out, drops them, then puts their left hand to their heart.
the person is jogging in place.
a person makes a golfing motion.
a person with both arms bent, moves them in a circular motion
a person steps backward while keeping their legs together and puts their hands up to their head.
a person takes something from a shelf and mixes it with something else
a person slowly gets up from the ground
a person is kicking their left leg out in front of them.
a person walks forward while holding onto something with both hands.
a person is standing and punching the air with their left hand.
a person is in a fighting stance, hunched over, and jabs with their left arm.
a person stands up from a squat position.
a person grabbed something with hands and hit something
a person walks forward, turns around and walks back.
a person walks forward and to the left.
a person looks around with his neck bent.
a man shuffles and then jumps up and down on his feet.
a person raises their arms in front of them, then bends down and puts their hands on their knees, before standing back up.
a person takes a few steps backward.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person takes a few steps forward and then stops.
a person walks to the right, turns around and jogs forward, then turns around again and jumps back to their original position.
a person is punching the air with both hands.
a person takes steps to the left and right.
a person is standing, bending their right leg and raising their left arm
a person walks in a circle.
a person walks forward in a counter clockwise circle, then turns around and walks in a clockwise half circle.
a person sprints forward and then stops.
person is wiping something off
a person walks forward while holding onto a hand rail with their left hand.
a person lifts an object with both hands from the left side, rotates it to the right, then sets it down on the right side.
a person steps to the left and raises his left arm.
a person raises and lowers their arms out to the sides.
a person walks in a counter clockwise circle.
a person walks forward, turns left and walks back.
a person plays a violin.
a person steps forward and takes a drink from a cup in their left hand.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person is standing with their arms raised and hands spread out, as if they are holding handlebars.
a person does a dance, alternating raising and lowering their hands while marching in place.
a person walks in a winding path, before turning around and walking back.
a person does jumping jacks.
a person holds something in their left hand and raises it to their head.
person is waving with their left hand.
a person has both arms bent, elbows bent, and hands near chest, and then bends over slightly at the waist.
a person walks in a crouched position
a person dances while moving their arms and legs around.
a person walks forward, leans to the left, then turns around and walks back.
person is getting down on the floor.
a person lifts both arms shoulder height and waves them back and forth.
person puts both arms forward and then makes a circular motion with both arms.
a person does a golf swing.
a person walks forward and to the side.
a person holds his arms out and then swings them back and forth
a person squats down and cross-legged, then stands back up.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person walks forward while holding onto something on their left side.
a person walks forward and then stops.
a person folds their arms across their chest.
a person grabbed something with both hands and hit something with it.
a person walks forward and then stops.
a person runs in a diagonal
a person side-steps to their left.
a person stands with their arms bent, making a "t" shape with their hands, then they move their hands in front of them.
person is walking forward
a person who is standing with his hands out from his sides takes a step forward, swings his left arm back and then forward as though he is hitting a tennis ball, and then steps back to his original position.
a person jumps up and down.
a person walks forward, turns to the right and continues walking.
a person walks forward slowly, then stops and stands still.
a person picks something up, then walks and pours something, then steps back and stands.
a person does martial arts kicks
a person walks backwards in a straight line
the person is jogging forward.
a person stands still, then takes a step to their left.
a person is punching with their left arm.
a person walks forward and to the left.
a person walks forward and turns around to walk back.
a person holds something up to their face then puts it back down
person is standing and lifting his left arm to touch his head.
a person moves an object from their right to their left.
a person is doing a dance.
a person walks forward and to the left
a person lifts their left arm and points in front of them.
a person is standing and moving their arms.
a person walks forward and then turns around and walks back.
a person takes two steps forward and one step back, then takes three steps to the left, and finally takes two small steps forward.
a person walks to the right and then to the left.
a person has arms extended out to the side, then puts them down to their side
a person slowly does jumping jacks
a person walks forward.
a person lifts their arms out to the side, then puts them back down.
a person walks forward and then stops.
a person walks forward swinging his arms in an exaggerated fashion.
a person picks up an object with both hands and rotates it to the right before putting it back down
a person raises both arms like a t.
a person walks in a clockwise circle.
person raises hand to face then lowers it back to their side.
a person reaches forward with their left arm.
a person puts their left hand on their stomach, then puts their right hand on top of their left, then moves their hands in and out.
a person takes a step to the right.
a person steps forward and swings their right arm, then steps back and sws their left arm, while swinging their right hand in a downwards motion
a person reaches out to touch something, and then waves at someone.
a person walks forward very slowly.
a person dances with arms and legs moving
a person walks forward, turns around and walks back.
a person standing still with their arms out to the side.
a person is standing and then waving with their left hand.
a person stands still, then turns to the left.
a person is doing warm up exercises
a person steps forward and reaches down.
a person punches upwards with their left arm.
a person walks up stairs while using the rail on the right.
a person is jogging in place
a person does warm up exercises.
a person checks their hair with their left hand.
a person walks forward and then stops.
a person crosses one leg over the other while standing in place.
a person walks forward in place.
a person does warm-up exercises with their arms bent, moving them back and forth.
a person takes small steps while walking forward.
a person steps back with his hands up.
a person sits down cross legged and then gets up.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person does jumping jacks
a person throws something with their left arm.
a person punches the air with their left arm.
person walks forward, turns right and walks back
a person squats down and jumps up.
a person picks up a jar with their left hand and shakes it
a person takes a drink out of a cup.
a person slides to the left and then moves back to the right.
a person walks forward and stops.
a man turns around and sits down in a chair.
a person is looking around.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle.
a person walks forward, then turns and walks back.
a person takes a small step forward.
a person jumps and turns to the left.
a person holds their hands up to their head, moving them in and out.
a person walks in a circle, starting with their left foot.
a person is in a kneeling position and then stands up.
a person walks forward and swaying as if they were walking on a beam.
a person is standing and waving with both arms.
a person holds their hands together and gestures to someone to stop.
a person lunges to the left, and then lunges back to the right.
a person steps forward, reaches down and picks something up with their left hand, then leans forward and extends their left arm out, reaching down again.
a person is standing and then stomps their right foot.
a person reaches forward and makes a cross on their chest.
a person is clapping their hands in front of them
a person raises their arms up and down.
a person takes a step forward and makes a throwing motion with their right hand.
a person stands in a martial arts ready position, with both arms up, and then does a series of martial art moves.
a person stumbles to the right, then stumbling to the left, then back to where they started.
a person steps back and sits down on the floor.
a person dances in a circle.
a person walks forward, turns to the right and walks on.
a person is waving with his hands near his face.
a person walks forward and extends their left arm forward, then turns around and walks back.
a person standing in place, moving both arms around.
a person walks in a circle.
a person has arms bent, shoulder height, then moves them out to the sides
a person is walking on a treadmill
a person sits down on the ground with his legs crossed, holds his hands together, and then stands back up.
a person bends down to touch their toes and then stands back up.
a person runs in place and then walks forward.
a person slowly walks forward while stretching their left leg.
a person laying on the ground gets up.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person walks forward, picks something up, and then walks backwards.
a person standing still and moving arms
a person walks forward swinging their arms.
a person walks forward, reaches down and picks something up with their left hand, then walks backwards.
a person stands in a martial arts ready position and kicks out with their left leg.
a person stands on their right leg while kicking their left leg out.
a person steps to the left with their right foot.
a person does a warm-up routine by alternating touching their left and right foot to the ground while swinging their arms.
a person is moving arms side to side.
a person is pacing around.
a person steps backwards, sits down, then stands back up.
a person takes a few steps backwards, bends down, and reaches forward.
person is standing still and then waving.
a person runs forward.
a person walks in a clockwise circle.
a person walks backwards.
a person walks forward swinging their arms, turns around and walks back swinging his arms.
a person is walking and crouching.
a person takes a step back with their left leg, raises their arms to throw something, and then throws the ball.
a person lifts both arms up, bends them, then stretches them back down.
a person stands still, then raises their left arm and makes a small circle in front of their chest.
a person takes a step forward and reaches down with their left hand.
a person is standing in place.
a person stretches both arms upwards
a person is doing a golf swing.
a man stands in a squat position with his arms extended outward, then brings them inward to his sides, and extends them again.
a person is standing in place while moving arms in circular motion.
a person makes a gesture with their left arm
a person sits down in a chair.
a person sprints forward and stops.
a person jumps up and turns to the right.
a person walks forward and turns left.
a person squats and then does push up
a person stands up from a bowing position
a person is standing and then kicks out with their left leg.
a person jogs in place.
a person is standing still and then slightly sways their body.
a person walks forward and then stumbles.
a person walks forward while turning to the left.
a person sprints forward.
a person is standing on one foot and kicking out the other foot.
a person lifts his left hand above his head, waves, and then lowers it back to his side.
a person waves with their left hand.
a person picks up an object with both hands, rotates it counter-clockwise, then sets it back down.
a person balancing on one foot, and then kicking their left leg out
