a person is walking in place at a slow pace.
the person swings a golf club.
the man runs back wards
a man walks forward, then squats to pick something up with both hands, stands back up, and resumes walking.
a person waves with his right hand.
a person walks towards the camera.
person is bent down trying to pick up stuff, left arm is moved to the back, picks up more stuff and touches back again while bending down
a man walks forward, then turns around and walks back before facing back and standing still.
man walks forward while upper body is leaning slightly to the left and steps are unbalanced and slow.
a man using both hands to lift something off ground and places it back on ground in a slightly different position
the person walks backwards in a straight line
man walks forward moving hands and neck.
a person walks forward to the left, picks something up and walks back and then shakes what is in the hand.
a man crouches down while quickly walking forward and then stands up straight.
a person walks forward casually with a swagger to their hips.
a person walks up stairs turns left and walks back down stairs.
the person was pushed but did not fall.
man jumps twice in place
a person takes a step forward, moves to theor right, them continues foward with their right hand on a rail.
a person takes a few steps forward then stops
a person boastfully meanders across a room in a confident manner.
shaking legs side to side.
a person walks up some stairs, turns around, and walks back down them.
a person raises their arms high above their head.
a person, walked forward by changing direcion into left and right
person is walking normally in a circle
person slides forward diagonally with right leg.
a person walks forward at a normal speed then turns right and continues to walk
a person slightly bent over with left hand pressing against the air walks forward slowly
the person is picking up something.
kick left leg step back
a person walks away diagonally to his right, picks something up, walks back, and then he again walks diagonally to his right and picks something up.
a person crosses their arms.
the toon has both arms raised at an angle above their head, as to be in the squatting motion for exercise.
the man is doing starjumps
a person stirs something with their left hand
a person rubs their hands together.
a person waves a friendly hello.
a person throws something with their right hand
a person turns to his right and paces back and forth
moving there hands and do like a exericses.
a person while standing still raises his left hand up and down and turns to his left.
pretend to hold a ball in your right hand, toss the ball upward and kick it with your right foot as it falls toward your foot. take steps forward and keep going out of the area.
a person enacting a mime with an invisible barrier in front of them touching with both hands
a man takes a step forward, takes his left arm and moves it right to left then takes a step back.
a person walks forward in a cool manner and does a spin.
a person walks forward then turns to the left.
the person who’s drying the front of their body.
a man walks in clockwise direction.
a person is crwoched down with their knees bent, puts their right arm up and down three times.
a man walks in a curve, then a straight line, then doubles back.
a person is spinning and a circle and then kicks his red foot.
person is working on their boxing form
it looks like he is lifting a box on a shelf and grabbing another box to put on shelf as well.
subject is sitting flat on the ground feat straight in front then the subject stands straight up then sits back down with feet straight out in front again
a person slowly kicks with their right leg.
person quickly walks in a  clockwise position with shoulders facing back happy
a man sits down and then stays still.
a person walks backward in a counterclockwise circle
a person jumps up and then lands
he does a salsa dance
someone jumps around, takes four steps and turns back
a man is shadowboxing while standing still.
person stretching the whole right side by lifting the right arm and leaning sideways to the left
a person crosses their arms, then brings their arms back down.
staying still with arms near chest.
the person had his hands up in his rocking back-and-forth.
movin  right hand upward
this person bends forward as if to bow.
a person sits down and applauds.
the person is working on something.
a person is dancing the waltz, going in a counter-clockwise direction with the left arm out.
a man jumps then kicks the air whilst moving to the opposite end of the room.
person raises left arm out to the side.
a person picks up  a heavy object and moves it right.
a person sprinting ahead, and then slowing down.
a man is standing and brings both hands to his face then steps out with left foot and performs a low kick.
moving hands in a random pattern.
a person doing a meditation.
a person throws their hands outwards then back in front of them.
the person is walking forward and then back the other direction.
the figure steps forward then turns slightly right and proceeds to walk in that direction.
bending down and moving hands.
person is walking in us and circles.
the person bent down and dodge something towards the left.
the person is kneeling down on all fours to begin to crawl
the person is walking forward and turn around like a monster
the person is doing a dance move.
the man walks while holding onto the rail.
a person dancing, starting in a t pose, the. turns, continues to dance and finishes with another turn
figure gets down on hands and knees facing left and crawls 3 steps before turning around and crawling to the  right for  4 steps, backs up slightly and stands back up facing forward.
a person lowers their arms to their sides, then stretches them out straight in front of them and parallel to the ground before returning them to their sides.
he stands and wobbles slightly, as if trying to stay steady in the wind
the person is holding their head while walking.
a man sidesteps suddenly to his right, bumps into something and leans over, looks around, then walks to his right, bumping into something else and once more leaning over.
a person stumbles around like they are drunk.
a person walks forward from one end to the other.
the man is running and scrambling
the person was walking forward slowly.
person is walking forward.
a person does a threatening crouching walk and then raises their arms.
a person jogging in place.
the figure raises its left arm and makes reaching motions as if grabbing for something, and then extends its arms twice.
a person walking in a diagonal line.
a person standing straight ,holding hands .
a person walks forward while making small adjustments left and right
this person ducks under something then climbs up and over it.
a person who is standing with his arms away from his sides, raises his arms, leans left and swings his right arm above his head two times.
a person runs forward in a non-linear way.
a man is walking forward
a person is dancing and starts to take a drink with their left hand.
the person is picking something up and putting it on something.
a person stirs with the right hand.
this person zig zags forward then stops to the right.
a person jogs in place
a person uses their right arm to scratch their head.
the man takes a step and picks up 3 things takes a few more steps and places one thing on the table then turns around to head back.
a person is walking foward.
walking to the side then sitting down and walking back.
a man takes several steps backwards.
a person raises both hands and places them in front of themselves
person steps forward and bends both knees and bends body forward to put something on ground
a person walks forward, turns and then sits on a chair.
a person delivers pizza, receives money, then waves goodbye
a person sits and moves their left arm
the person is jogging in place.
a person walks forwards, sits.
the person is trying to talk with his hands.
a person reaches his left arm straight out
a figure jumps a few times counter-clockwise, then quickly turns clockwise with one big twisting jump, then stumbles backward upon landing.
a person takes seven steps to the left in a circular motion.
a person leans forward with their right hand as if to pick something up, walks to the left, turns right, and leans to pick something up again, then moves right arm as if to wipe something.
a person doges to the left, then doges to the right.
a person moves their right hand; left, right, up and down.
figure appears to be lifting up a paper and reading it
a person slowly walked forward and sat on something
[from:to(0:3s)] a person dodges something to his left, before squatting down.
a person walks forward and bends down and grabs his left knee in pain. he attempts to straighten up and walk forward and then bends down to grab his knee again. he then walks backward to his left.
a person first waves both their left and right hands at the same time and after kicks his right foot to his right.
a person brings their right arm up and bends their elbow so it is across their stomach.
a person shakes arms to lossen up then walks backwads, then moves forward with the right arm in a swiming motion
a person swings their right arm over their head as if they were spiking a volleyball.
he balances on his right foot and similarly flaps his arms to that of a large bird taking off
a person hops on their left foot then their right
the man puts the box down and runs
a person standing up throws something forward from above their head, then throws something again forward from above their head with more force which makes them take one step forward with their right foot.
a person is bent over with their arms around a dog.  they bounce around, let the dog stand up and pet it.  they let the dog sit down, look around, and lift the dog up momentarily before putting him back down to their original position.
a person takes small steps while holding something in both of their arms angled down towards the ground
a person hustles down a short flight of steps before coming to a stop.
the person stand and touch the head.
a person jumps up into the air, turns his body three quarters of the way around and lands on his feet.
a person stands at the edge of a cliff trying to steel themselves for a jump, but failing to jump off.
a person moves their arms in a strange manner.
a person is holding something in front of them and swings to the right.
person moves forward two steps then does a full turn and faces opposite direction
a person starts with their arms at waist height then moves slightly left and right.
a person walks forward quickly and leaves a trail behind them as if they are dripping paint
a man bends over and puts his hands on the ground and is on all fours
a figure uses a rail or bannister to support itself as it climbs up stairs
the body slides to the left.
a person slowly walks down some stairs.
place items in a line up
a person climbs up some ladders
moving hands and jumping.
the person was laying down on their back.
a person giving a round of applause
a person walks straight and turns to the right
a man walks in a circle.
a person walks forward quickly and then stops
a standing man loses a little bit of balance and his upper body leans and shakes toward his left.
a person waves both arms in the air.
a person is washing a window
a man steps back, picks something up and put it to his head and then puts it back.
a person wwalked by making the circle
a person runs on the spot.
subject kicks out right leg.
a person paces back and forth in a small space
walking backwards and then stopping.
a person in a sitting position wiggles around while remaining in that position.
a person raised the hand and start to make some pushs
a person throws punches, one with his right hand and four with his left hand.
a person walks in a clockwise circle.
a person turns to their left while leaping forward.
person down on hands and knees stands up
man reaches down to the left as to pick up item and then reaches to the right as if emptying item then replaces it to the left.
a person picks something up on the left and sets it down on the right.
a standing man leans down to a kneeled position with his left knee contacting the ground and his right leg planted foot down. the man then stands up.
a person is doing jumping jacks.
a person puts their hands on their hips then checks the time on their left wrist.
person is waving hands around.
a person takes one large step forward.
a person plays the guitar, strumming with their left hand.
a person with arms stretched straight out brings both hands to crotch, then returns to original position
the right hand flings forward to the left side, the left hand meets the right hand, and is drag back right the shoulder.
through some thing and chash some thing.
a man stands and raises his hands and moves them in circular motions,walks foward and turns anticlockwise in a c sha
a person raises his right arm to drink something.
the person is walking slowly like a monster.
a person turns around and walks forward to the other end while leaning a bit from side to side and then turns around again.
a person walks backwards, then turns around then walks backwards again.
a ballerina is bringing the leg forward then taking a bow.
a person walks forward and then pulls something behind them.
a person putting their hands to there face
moving forward and backward finally come on the same place.
a person holds something above, and swings.
a walking man bumps something with his right leg then turns and walks in another direction.
a person stands with elbows bent and leans to the right at the waist oh, then to the left. then the person swings from the right to the left with arms outstretched.
a person walks forward, takes large step with right leg then slowly walks back to the left.
a person walks quickly sideways leading with right leg.
a person sitting on the floor scratches their head and then leans back on their left hand.
man walking in a circle to his right (clockwise)
a man stretches his arms up with his hands touching, then stretches his arms to the sides towards left, shrugs, and then stretches arms up again.
the person raises their right arm and brings their hand to their face.
a person leans forward and uses sweeping motion, sweeping from person's left to right
a person stretches their hips, then arms, then bends forwards and steps forwards.
a person pick up something with his left hand and with his right hand he is patting it.
a person moves to the left side and then to the right side, then stops
a person who is jumping around with one leg but alternating the legs every jump
a person lunges forward bending their left knee and elbow.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides takes one small step backwards and resumes his original stance.
a person, standing, raises his right hand as if to check his watch and then lowers his hand back to his side.
a person stands with arms out partway to each side, lifts his right leg, swings it forward briefly, then sweeps it in a semicircle behind him before moving it forward and standing again; he then repeats the action.
a person raised the hands and pull it down
a man stands on the ground and lifts his right hand for a moment above the shoulder and then puts it down.
and individual standing sideways raises it’s arms at shiulder hight twistinf torso first to left thrn to right
a person holds their arms out to their side and lifts their right leg off the floor to balance on their left leg
the person was holding the right side of his head.
a man reaches his right hand out to his right the times before returning it to in front of him.
person swings right arm as if pitching a ball to the left.
a man steps to the left steps in a small clockwise circle throws left arm then steps in a larger backward clockwise circle
a person side stepping to their right, then side stepping to their left, and back again.
this person walks forward and picks something up then walks back.
a person walks forward and stops
a person sits their motion stutters
a person crawls on hands and knees forward, stands up with side showing.
the sim is lifting a dumbbell with their right arm.
drunk walking animation turning around
the figure stays put but moves arms upward.
a person lightly kicks an object on the ground
the person is hand mixing dough to bake something
the person is walking fast to the right.
a person, slowly walked forward, and after made circle with right hand
the person looks as if they are strumming a guitar
person is walking back and forth
moving arms up and down.
the toon walks forward a few steps, then turns around walking back.
person stands with arms outstretched then walks diagonally two steps to their right and sits down on a chair
a person is sitting down and turning a steering wheel.
a person slowly paces back and forth.
a person is walking forward.
jumping up in place.
a person does a small jump
a person walks on a beam, loses his balance and fall off to his right.
a man walks foward ,makes a u turn to the right side ,walks and then stops.
a person sways to the right.
a person is clapping their hands together
a peraon walking makes a right turn.
a person throws something with their right hand.
a person turns around and looks to the left.
a person is standing and moves arms in a way that looks like they are picking something up and taking a drink or a bite
someone running forward, moving forward
person backed up and is doing a salute
a person side steps to the right 3 times then to the left 3 times then to the right once more to end where they started.
the person is walking around.
a person jumps up and down once.
a person walks forward up stairs
a person kicks their right leg up twice while hopping between feet, then punches their right arm
a person stands while moving their right arm as if eating something with a spoon or fork three times.
the person is moving from side to side.
a person standing in place raises both arms to the side raising them above eye level.
the man is moving both arms awkwardly
a person shifts from foot to foot several times.
a person walks forward, picks something up, sets it down on something a little higher, turns around and walks back.
a person waves their arms over their heads.
a stick figure jumps side ways.
a person steps their left leg forward and throws their arms downwards 3 times
a person uses their right hands to move their right foot to rest against the last leg in a yoga pose, then repeats the same motion with the left leg.
a person does a jumping jack in place.
a person side steps to the right and then to the left
a man is crab walking backwards and then rolls to the left.
man walks in a clockwise circle, with his arms at his sides at all times.
a person walks very slowly forward.
someone execures a roundhouse kick with their left foot.
a person walks in a clockwise circle and raises their hand to their face to yawn.
figure does a quick small jump and then walks fowardsd and then stops.
a man sits down with crossed legs then gets up
a man swings his right arm back repeatedly.
a person bends at the waist, picks something up, then puts it down at waist level
a man jumps forward with his arms at his sides.
the toon is walking in a zig zag motion, shuffling a bit at the end of the "plane".
the person was sliding from right to left.
an off balance intoxicated man gestures at another person to the left. seemingly in an argument.
a person holds their left foot, then bends down to hold it before standing up to balance on one foot.
person walks forward, turns and walks back
a person who is standing with his arms held head high lifts his arms above his head, twice.
a person walks diagonally forward
a person walks backwards on their toes.
a person flaps their arms like a chicken.
a person jumps up and down on both feet while circling both arms forward in time with the jumps.
a person jumps in the air, then abruptly stumbles to his left as if he had been pushed, and finally he regains his balance.
a person swings its left arm upwards.
user takes a couple steps forwards then precedes to turn around pivoting on right foot
a person walks up and tosses something.
the person  is doing an exercise warm up.
a person drive a car
a person takes one large step backwards.
a person is doing jumping jacks.
a person raises his right arm and then lowers it.
the person fills the glass with water then pours it into the plant pot
a person slowly jumped forward
a person carefully sits down on the ground and crosses their legs.
a hunched individual slowly wobbles forward in a drunken manner.
the man in a fighting stance turns around to the right.
a person eagerly practicing karate.
a person who is warming up their arms and legs
someone is walking forward and holding a handrail very carefully, as if they are afraid of falling.
a person clasps its arms together then goes back to standing position with arms hanging.
man turn right hand inward and outward the reach to the left with both hands bring both back to the center and then left hand flip back and forth to rest in center.
a person raises their left arm above their head and stretches to the right.
a person picks something up with his right hand and bring it up to his face
a person rocks back and forth slightly in an intimidating stance.
person walks for swings around on their list food then walks back to where they started.
the person is walking slowly forward.
a person bends over to begin charging forward, turns around with arms raised, and charges back to original position.
a person marches forward, turns around, and then marches back.
standing forward, hands are at the side moving toward sides of the head and back down while the legs are slightly jumping outwards. creating a jumping jack.
a person throws something with right arm, leaves right arm up.
a person slowly walks forward.
a person crosses both left and right arms in front of their chest.
a man lifts something with his hands, and then places it back.
the person is warming up their wrists and ankles.
the person is preforming a swimming stroke know as the butterfly stroke.  the arms swing from behind the head and reenter the water propelling the person forward.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides takes four very slow steps forward.
a person jogs forward for several seconds.
this person waves off as if joking.
a person throws an object with his right arm
a person raises their hands and brings them closer to their face then lowers them
a person makes tiny steps in place with their hands over their head.
a person rests their hands on their knees while squatting.
a person walks forward and then turns to the left to walk away.
person is hunched over creeping diagonally down.
a person who seems to throw or hit something
a person steps forward, plants their right foot and spins, walking back to where they started.
someone steps back with their right foot and then sits down while placing his hands on his knees with elbows out.
a person stands with their knees slightly bent and their hands pulled toward their chest, twists to one side then the other side, squats further, and stands back up.
a person stands still with his arms as his side, and he rotates his head around while keeping his body motionless.
a person slowly walked forward after in left direction
a man is stretching the left leg while bending to the right.
a person begins walking forward first with their left foot, taking wide awkward steps as if they are stepping around or over something; begins walking towards the right and then slowly continues to walk to the left, then continues to walk towards the right coming to a stop off to the right side.
a person walks slowly towards the right while slowly raising a hand and then walking backwards.
person went around to sit on chair.
a man holds his fingers close together. he brings his right up to his head, as though taking a phone call, then brings his fingers back together and fiddles with them, bobbing his head.
a person marches forward and to the left.
moving arms above head.
a person walks forward then turns around to walk back.
a person sits down, stands up, and jumps in place.
a man kicks something or someone with his left leg.
the person did a kick spin to the right
the man walks back and forth putting something on a shelf.
someone gets up from the floor, seems to be talking on the phone and starts to walk
a person appears to be pushing against a wall.
the person is doing arm exercises like a windmill.
person walks forward several paces, stops and then does a little jump.
move the both the hand and after hold the legs.
a person walks forward and then up stairs
the person makes a right turn.
the man is throwing his right hand
a person drops their hands then brings them together in front of their face clasped.
the person is holding his right hand over his head.
a person slowly walked forward in right direction
person dancing back and forth and then raising both legs
walking in a diagonal line then standing.
a person stretches their arms to both sides and then walks forward.
a person is standing still, then walks forward and kicks something on the floor with his right foot
a person crosses their arms then drops them.
a figure elegantly stretches, slowly, with their arms extended and right leg extended
a person quickly runs foward.
a person seeming to be sitting down and reaching over seeming to be taking a drink and sipping from it.
person walks forwards straight while stumbling
a person runs, hesitates, then runs again.
a person runs down to our left, stops for a second, then continues to run.
a person walks forward, then turns to the right, then continues to walk forward.
a person walks forward then turns completely around and does a cartwheel.
the person kicks a ball with their left foot, their arms raised to a t-pose as they do so.
a person walks down a hill and places a box on the ground.
a person stands still and then bounces their hand as if playing with a yo-yo
a man kicks with his right leg and then kicks with his left leg.
a person is making rapid up and down, and side to side motions with their right arm, by bending it at the elbow.
person has arms crossing.
a person squats to lift something up then struggles to carry and put it down.
a person waves with their right hand
this person is stretching with left arm raised high.
excited person starts with arms out and bounces from one foot to the other while clapping.
a man kicks the air in front of him, holding his arms up to guard his face.
a person touches toward his pelvis, then extends hand and raises it.
a person sweeping the floor
a man steps forward and does a handstand.
the person is running back-and-forth in a crescent shape
walking backwards and then sitting.
person walks forward, stumbles back, and continues forward
person runs in a zigzag motion and ducks under an invisible object hlfway through then returns to full height.
a person marches forward aggressively than turns around and does the same.
a person stumbles forward and back almost falling over.
a person is using his left arm moving it up and down leaving his elbow still.
a person jumps forward over something.
character lowers left hand then waves right hand in the air.
a person raises their right hand to their face.
walking to the side then the other.
a person is throwing and catching a ball.
a person bounces on their feet.
cheerfully walking forward with each step.
someone kick twice doing karate
a person is standing and performing arm bicep curls by lifting their hands towards their shoulder in a squeezing manner.
a person confidently walks down an aisle while stretching/loosening up their arm.
a man climbs up and seems to be putting something away with both hands
a man walks forward while swaying his feet in a zig-zag path.
a man is walking in a large counter-clockwise circle.
a person walks in a curved line.
a person shields themselves with their left arm.
a person bounce sup and down on the balls of their feet.
a man hops on his right leg five times, makes a small jump, then steps forward into a strong push with both hands. he then returns to the starting position.
a person walks in a counter clockwise circle and turns around to look after possibly tripping over something.
a man drinks from a bottle using his left hand.
a person points forward with their right hand.
a man squats and walks forward.
a person raised the right hand, and moved it right and left direction and after raised both hands
a man repeatedly uses his right arm to reach for something slightly in front of him, back again, then looks to be stirring something.
a person walks forward while lifting their hands awkwardly.
a person stands still and raises their arms in basketball signal motions.
a person walks quickly and intentionally in a zig-zag pattern forward.
a figure walks upstairs without a handrail.
person stretches arms out and makes arm circles.
a person standing with arms wide open while spinning his/her hand in a circular motion while waving it. he/she then moves his elbow in a circular motion and then moving his waist in a circular motion and then kicking with his/her left and right foot.
perso is keeping water out of their face while swimming .
a person bounces up and down on their toes with their arms bouncing along loosely by their sides.
a person is sitting and puts their left hand to their head, and their right foot up on their left knee.
a person walks in a clockwise circle swaying one arm and keeping the other arm still
person is motioning their hands.
a person walks around in a circle.
the sim walks down the plane in a wobbly fashion.
person brings right elbow to left knee, then left elbow to right knee, stands straight then bends at the knees a few times.
a person walks forward, spins on their foot, and walks back
a person walks from side to side with their arms hanging loosely.
the person walks backwards in a slight zig zag.
the person is walking forward using both their left and right hand for balance. their left and right hand are pressing down on something to help them walk. they put their right foot directly in front of the left and then the left directly in front of the right they stop walking and stand
a person jogs diagonally to his right and then slows down to a walk.
the man is moving his left arm
a man walks forward before stopping.
the person is doing an exercise warm up.
someone carefully looks behind them while backing up, then uses both hands to dip into a slight sitting motion.
the person is walking to the left like a robot.
the man lowers his arms and looks around in a circle motion.
walking backwards and stopping.
someone nervously pacing around in a circle
a person walks up to shake with their right hand, turns slightly right to shake again, and turns right again to shake for a final time.
outstretched arms to sides are lowered, raised, bent at the elbows several times, then lowered by sides.
a person squats several times while lifting dumbbells.
a person picking something up from the left and then placing it right
a person is doing a dance.
a person turns steering wheel with both hands.
a man walks forward and then turns around and walks in the opposite direction.
a person casually struts in a clockwise oval almost back to their original position, swinging their arms lightly at their side as they walk.
a person is walking forwards, but stumbles and steps back, then carries on forward.
a person pivots to the left twice with his right foot planted.
a person stands in place while flexing both biceps.
a person side steps to the left for a few steps.
he walks while holding onto a handrail.
a person walks forward unbalanced and almost falls over.
a man does a dance, shuffles backward, and dances again.
the person takes a step and waves his right hand back and forth
a person aggressively grabbing holding something before drinking it.
a person stands up straight from a bent over position, touches his head with his left arm, then bends his torso to the right and swings forward with his arms dangling in front of him. i
a man walks towards the right.
a person holds their right arm out on something to support them while sticking their right leg up to balance.
a person is jogging on a treadmill
a man gets up from the ground pushing off with his left hand then walks in a counter clockwise circle back to where he began then lays down flat on the ground on his back.
a person takes a large hop forward with both legs.
a person uses right arm to hit down to the left and then the left arm crosses over the right side of the body.
a person walking in a crouched over position
sitting down and crossing legs then sitting on the floor.
a figure steps backward slowly and carefully
right arm extended out from body at a 90 degree angle and rotated circular both clockwise and counter clockwise
a person walks forward and then walks up some steps.
a person turns around and walks forward picking things up from the ground then turns around at their destination.
a person walks forward, bends over, picks up an object with both hands, then turns around and walks back with the object.
a person slowly walks backwards.
a person walks backwards at a moderate pace.
the person is holding an object and then throws it with their right hand.
a person takes a step forward, pivots on their left foot and turns 180 degrees and walks back to where they started, but facing the opposite direction
a man walks to the side, and then circles back around. only one arm is swinging.
a person is walking forward
the toon has their both arms up & extending in a "dancing" position, while moving forwards then backwards.
a person walked forward in left direction adn jumped
walking forward while waving.
a person takes a step forward then shuffles to the left. they take a step back and shuffle to the right. they do both motions again, then turn to the right before taking a step forward.
a person is walking slowly forward.
the guy lunges forward just a bit and the video ends.
a person walks forward  to bow then place hands on shoulders of other person and bows again.
a figure raises a weight in front of themself.
a man paces back and forth.
trips backwards slightly while leading with right foot.
person reaches out with left hand as if to grab something, then brings both hands up together in front of the chest.
a person is bent forward with arms dangling in front of them
walking forward and then back.
a person walks forward and stumbles a bit
a man walks forward and takes two steps, turns clockwise and then goesni to a sitting position from standing.
a person takes their hands from their side places them above their shoulders and then places them back at their side
a man is doing jumping jacks.
a person slowly walked forward
a person walks forward in a straight line over an object
a person throws things to the right; first something underhand, then something overhand, and then something very far.
person walks slowly forward with arms at sides.
a person walks backwards to the right, then turns around and walks backward to the right.
a person walks forward then climbs up something.
someone sees something on the ground the they move slowly away from
a person walks forward while being assisted by hand rails.
a person picks something up, rubs it and puts it back down.
a person grabbed the body and start to do some jesture
a person stretches their back by turning their arms.
a figure walks and spins on their heel.
this person side wide to the left while looking around carefuly.
a person walks forward, spins right, and walks back.
a person jogs on the spot
a man squats deeply three times while raising both arms in the air as if holding a dumbell.
a person uses the left arm to demonstrate throwing an object in front of them
a person slowly paces forward.
a person leaning forward slightly holding one wrist with the other hand slight sway in upper torso
the person walks forward with left foot first then stops.
person walks with both arms straight forward
a person kneels down firstly on his right, then his left.
a person walking forward slightly to the right
person appears to be running in straight line then jumps over something and continues running.
a person wlowly walked by making the circle
a man stands prepared and aware, then suddenly takes an abrupt step backwards and regains his ready stance.
a person walks in anticlockwise direction dragging his left feet.
standing person raises right leg and both arms, turns slightly to the left, then returns to original standing position.
a person walks in a curve to their right.
a person who has his arms raised head high raises his arms above his head and lowers them three times.
a person holds their arms near their face and searches right and left.
a person takes in big steps in a hurry walking into the rectangular area while hands are dangling and swinging.
a person walks in a circle
from a standing position, the person slowly walks in a circle, counter-clockwise, and then stops
person moves to side and climbs some steps
a person lowers their arms, gets onto all fours, and crawls
a person begins to walk forward up the stairs
the subject took a step back leading with the right leg in a clockwise semi-motion. it then put its hand out as if to shake hands to give a handshake putting the alternate hand on top of the first so shaking with both hands. the subject then pivoted their body towards the right taking another step while doing so in order to shake another hand, this time with just the one.
a person winds up his arm and then pitches a ball.
a person swift the upper codre body, and start to stretch it
the person took a large side step to the right.
losing balance, moving backwards with both feet.
a person swing with the legs and dance
person is walking wobbling forward.
the person is jogging around.
a person raises their right arm and then bends to touch the floor in fromt of them, they repeat this motion twice.
a man makes two spartan kicks, followed by two medium high kicks.
a person is standing and jumps backward.
the person is walking in a counter clockwise circle.
a person makes a "fast break" motion, zig-zagging briefly from left to right then darting forward to the right.
a person slowly walked forward
the  person was walking very fast.
a person steps to the right and sits down, then stands back up and moves back.
the person is standing with arms by their side
sitting down crisscrossed, the right arm chucks forward and chucks forward again.
a person is standing still while waving his right hand.
the person is holding his head because he feels dizzy.
a person standing scratches his head with his right hand and then lowers his hand back down.
the person is getting ready to place the football for a kick off.
a person is holding its head with its right hand, then sets it down, then holds its head with both hand.
a figure steps backward cockily, swinging their arms
person is leaving in a circular motion.
a man swings a golf club and hits the ball
a person walks backward in a small zig zag
person walks to pick something up then walks back to wipe something with it.
a figure leans on its left leg, spine arched in an agressive posture slightly swaying its shoulders
a walking person suddenly gets staggered to their left, then recovers.
the person is walking and turning left.
a man picks something up with his left hand and mixes it and then steps back.
a person casually takes one step back.
person pick some thing up on the left and moved it to the right.
a man backs up, leading with his left foot.
person walks straight back leading with left leg
moving the hands and work some thing.
a person runs and then jumps
a person walks diagonally left to right five paces in a karate fighting like motion then they take one step backwards.
a person puts their left hand up by their head
the person is standing on his left foot bending his right knee.
a person with a wide stance repeatedly lash out with each hand at something in front of them.
a person walks forward and kicks their leg out while turning around.
figure appears to be walking back and forth
a person picks up something on the ground on his left side he picks it up to eye level and inspects it then puts it back on the floor to the left side
a person raises something to the the side of their face using their right hand.
a person is swinging a tennis racket.
takes a step forward while right hand goes above the left hand in a circle motion and vice versa , then the right hand goes towards the head, and back down.
a person raises his right arm and then waves at someone.
with arms out to the sides a person walks forward
a person gets pushed to their right.
a man walks in a clockwise circle.
the person was moving his arms around like he was drunk.
a person walks unbalanced as if they are on a tight rope.
a person tries to screw something large into place.
the person is walking back-and-forth in an s shape.
a person walks, speeds up, and jumps.
person appears to wipe some thing with their right hand.
a person quickly walks forward.
running forward taking a right turn then running to the left
the person is doing arm gestures.
a person steps forward and reaches down to grab or place something with their left hand.
a person is sitting down with both hands up, and moves his right hand up
the person was pushed but didnt fall
a person doing air kicks with his right feet.
a person walks forward then stops.
a person seems to be in a fighting stance and moving around a ring.
a person jogs forward and begins to slow down.
a man is standing still, puts his hands together and behind his back, then proceeds to lunge his hands forwards, as if he is fishing, then brings them back in
a person taps his right hand in the air twice. they then make a rowing movement on each side of their body and then outline a cloud infront of them
a person squats to almost parallel then jumps to the horizontally to the left.
the man is dancing around.
a figure walks forward lightly kicking one foot out
a person, standing still with their arms at their sides, seems to wince/twitch, then continues standing.
a person throws something.
a person walks and then puts both arms out while bowing.
the person is making an arm and hand gesture.
starting from their left foot in the air, person stands ready with fists up then takes two swings with their right hand downward then two more high and to their right and finally two lefts downward mirroring the rights from before.
a man walks around in a clockwise circle.
a figure does jumping jacks
a person standing in a t pose, then proceeds to spin the right arm clockwise and then anti-clock wise ; then switches arms
a person walking like a bird and then sniffing the air.
the person walked towards someone taking 4 steps
a person glides in circles in a counter-clockwise.
a person stands, waving back and forth with one arm.
a person is sitting with both hands together.
a person raises the arm and waves multiple times.
a person continuously jogs counter clockwise.
person clasps both hands together then waves arms to side then goes down on right knee bent over ties something on feet then gets up
a man walks forward in a straight line.
person moves left then raises right arm then raises left arm then rasies both arms forward then raises left arm
a man wobbles while walking forward.
a person bends forward at the waist, walking forward and flapping hands back and forth behind their body.
this person reaches left with both hands.
user is pointing with left hand in multiple directions
a person walks forward and then appears to bump into something, then continues walking forward.
the person is cleaning up some thing
a man walks forward turns to the left and then walks back in the direct he came.
a shorter figure jumps and high fives someone taller than him out of excitement
a person puts their hands over their face.
the person moves backwards as if pushed by someone in front of them.
a person walks with a slightly angled direction, and smooth hip motion.
a man walks from right to left and then moves hips.
person uses right hand to hold and moves an item in a circular motion then grabs something with left hand and moves item in circular motion in front of them again
a person walks up four steps with their hands by their sides and their lean forward slightly as they go up the stairs and once they've stopped going up the stairs, they straighten up again
a person abruptly stumbles forward and regains his balance as if he had been pushed from behind.
the man slowly walks forward and then suddenly turned left.
a person stands relaxed seems to observe something
a person stretching both arms.
a person kicks their right foot in front of them in a dangling motion and then puts it back on the ground.
a person jumps to his left.
the figure is standing facing forward, holding and exercising what can be a dumbbell.
a man pats himself on the head
a person walks down some stairs.
from a standing postion, the person puts both hands out in front of them, foot forward, as if to ward something off, before returing to a standing position
moving arms up and down near face.
a man is walking forward stumbles and goes to the ground and get back up.
a person walks forward and raises their arms in victory.
a person steps forward and reaches out with their right hand to pick up an object that is at their waist level. they raise it to their mouth and take a sip, then put the object down.
a person with his/her arms on his/her side while jumping with his/her legs a few times.
a person lifts their arm up twice doing a bicep curl
a person throws with right hand.
a person is dancing with expressive arm movement and then jumps forward
a person kneeling on the ground gets up.
a person squats down, then stands back up and holds their arms out.
a person turns right while walking then stops
a person bends at the waist, outstretching both arms to reach to the right, then the left, then straight in front of them
using his left hand he smacks his right arm bicep.
a person picks something up with their right hand and walks forward.
a person walks diagonally from upper left to lower right across the path.
a man steps forward and then crosses his arms.
a person quickly walks forward.
a person throws an object with their red hand while taking a step back with their red leg for extra momentum
a person runs forward and stops short.
a person opens a door and appears to be swimming.
a man dances rhythmically from side to side and then turns
the person is standing there.
person jogs forwards while turning slightly to the right.
the man turns left calmly
a man steps back and shields his face with both of his hands.
a person starts walking then starts leaping clockwise
a man walks around in a circle clockwise.
a person walks counterclockwise in a large curve while swinging their arms.
moving hands from side to side above head.
a person warming up by swinging back and arms around.
looks like he walks through a door to turn to the right and go straight forward
person walks in a semi circular shape while swinging arms slightly.
the man does a wavelike dance using his arms and slightly sways.
a person is lifting their right arm waving his hand then raising it above his shoulder while swaying back and forth.
this person is sitting and moving his right arm as if to eat.
a person walking around bouncing a ball.
a person lifts something up and to the side to look under it and puts the item back down.
person prepares food on a kitchen worktop.
the person watch forward and is leaning over some thing.
a person holds their hands together in front of themself.
a person flaps their arms quickly like a chicken.
a person dances with someone.
a person walking and helping maintain their balance and support,  from holding onto a side rail or wall.
a person quickly runs straight forward, then bends down and picks up something with both hands.
person is acting like a human monkey.
a man rope skipping and then remove the footwear and then rope skip again
a person getting shade from arm
a person steps forward and kicks aggressively with their right leg, then quickly squats and jumps.
a person raises their left hand above their head and motions downward. as if throwing an object toward the ground
a person steps forward then spins around with arms outstretched.
moving hands to knees.
a person is walkinf slow in a straight line
he tries to clean the floor
the person walks up a ramp.
a person opens and drinks from a container.
a man stands with his legs parted and slowly rotates his upper torso a few times, then starts to rotate his hips.
a person moves sideways to the left and then sideways back to the right and then one more step to the left.
person is doing across punch to the right.
a person turns around and walks and then turns around again
a man lifts his hands up in front his face and turns to his right, and then his left, and puts his hands back down.
person is getting into a crouch position.
a person is bent head over toes jumping and throwing arms wildly.
person person is planting vegetables.
a person shuffles to the left, then to the right, then back to the left.
a man lowers his arms and places his hands on his knees.
a figure seems to gesture contritely or sincerely with their left hand as though entreating someone
the person ran forward to kick a soccer ball.
person is walking backwards with their toes bent .
person leans forward goes onto knees whilst first putting left hand on ground for support and stays on knees
the person is respectfully taking a knee for blm
a man beginning with his right leg slides to the right side.
person moves i a anticlockwise direction in a circle by sprinting
a person swam in free style
sit on the floor and through some thing.
a person walks forward, picks something up, then walks back and puts it down.
the man moves to his right
a person walks forward and to the side, before stopping.
this person is walking in circles then moves across room to step around an object.
someone walks forward at a curve to their left.
a person waves with both arms above head.
someone being pushed back a few steps
a person is pitching a baseball.
a person waves with their right hand, then waves with their left.
a figure seems to jog on a treadmill
a person walking to the right and then to the left and then to the middle
the person was reaching to the right to pass something to the left.
a person standing up and greeting someone with a respectful hand to forehead gesture.
a man takes two steps forward and turns back
a person takes one step to the left, then takes multiple steps to the right.
a person runs forward and jumps over something, then turns around and jumps back over it.
a person slowly walks forward and then stops.
the person is dribbling a basketball backwards
a person pushes forward with one hand.
a person takes a step to the left then swings their right arm
the person lifts his right hand up and puts it back down.
a person runs fast diagonal.
person steps left forward pivots on leg and turns around walks back and faces other direction
a person is standing and steps backwards.
person picks up something on their left side and moves it to their right side
the person takes a big step left with its red leg.
a person walks around obstacles.
the man walks and turns right
a person takes a small hop forward.
the person is stepping on something.
a person squats down to the ground, picks up a box, then stands back up, and places the box on a higher surface.
said person walked over and sit down
the person is walking knees down line crawling.
person walks up something towards hit right hand side.
a man opens something and rubs it under his arms.
a person walking slowly forward
a person is startled from behind.
a person lifts his left hand to his face.
a man wiggles his right foot, then his left foot and moves his hands around each other in a circular motion.
a person with raises their hands in front of them, the squats.
a person jogs for a few steps, then slows to a walk for a few more steps.
standing in place then walking forward.
the man is pushing his left
someone is sliding an object to the left
a person swings their right arm, then motions with their right arm
a person walks down stairs holding on to something on the right.
a person walking straight forward.
someone puts both of their hands on their chests and appears to be laughing. then waves their right hand.
a person walks turning to the left.
a person walks in a curve, looks around, then continues walking.
a person performs three jumping jacks.
the drunk guy struggles to walk down the street
a person walks while touching something with his left hand.
the person tries to stable themselves standing still but takes a step forward after losing balance
a man walks shakily for a word slightly bent at the waist, with arms raised above his head and them flopping loosely.
a person walks straight forward.
a person is walking, turns back and to their left, proceeds to walk again, trips, then turns back once more, limping now.
a person is walking in a stumbling motion and puts up one of his hands.
a person kicking left leg and then kicking right out in front of them.
the person pick something up and tilted it onto the right.
a person kneels down, crawls forward, and turns around
a person holds both their hands up as if to look at something closely.
a person does a drumming movement with both hands.
a person standing in a square, walks forward in a diagonal pattern.
the man is using his arms and legs to propel him self forward in a running fashion.
a man stands with arms on the side, leans to the right and moves one step to the right.
a person vaults over an obstacle.
a person bends down, picks something up, sticks it in the ground and rotates it.
someone is climbing a ladder,  they walk up 3 steps and then back down.
the person is looking at an accident.
the person was taking a left drive and then to the right.
a figure repeatedly turns towards the right hand side
person bends  over to grab something and acts like they are fighting off other people from grabbing the thing.
a person thats walking backwards
stick man walking straightforward in wobbling position maybe taking a dui test.
a person doing jumping jacks and then running on the spot
the sim is standing still before extending their right arm up.
person is sitting down scratching head i think.
a person swing both arms in various ways
person is making stepping motion in place
a man walks clockwise in a circle
this person dribbles with his right hand and shoots.
a person in a defensive pose leans right then left.
a person grabbed something and throw it away
the man take 4 excited steps forward.
man runs left from the middle, then all the way right, then back left and stops at the middle
the person walks across the area, picks something up and then starts to move its arm as if to make a scrubbing motion.
a person walks forward slowly
a person shoves their arms out in an angry fashion.
person moves forward and extends the right leg and kicks something to the front
a person kneels down onto all fours, crawls towards the right, and then stands back up
a person walks in a counter clockwise circle at a normal pace.
a person appears to be doing a dance.
the person tripped over his foot.
someone getting into position to start catching and tossing an object.
a person holds the violin with left hand, and plays with the right hand
the person walks down a series of stairs.
a person stands up, walks in a circle, and sits back down.
the person is waving and hands up.
a man walks forwards at medium pace with his arms swawing gently.
a man walks forward; right, left, right, left, right, left, moving three paces.
a man walks forward sits in a chair then with his right hand.
a person walks forward one foot in front of another
a person sits down then uses left arm to push up.
someone completes a full jumping jack before stopping.
the figure is walking in a counter clockwise motion slowly.
person sits on floor with legs crossed
a person walks forward and turns clockwise, then grabs their knee in pain before continuing ahead and turning clockwise again.
a person is walking around the room.
a man walks forward 7 paces while his arms swing.
a man gets on all fours and crawls around and gets back up.
a person walks forward 4 steps.
a person laying face down on the ground and then slowly crawling backwards
the person is trying to hit a bug.
person walks seven steps from centre back to slightly right of centre
a person taking a huge diagonal step
a person has both hands on his legs.
person lunges forward with left foot first repeatedly
person walks forward in slow manner
a person waalks forward and appears to pour two items into a bowl.
a person walks forward and upward.
the man picks up a brushes nd brushes someone's hair then puts the brush back down.
man moves his right hand to cover his groin.
a person steps to the left sideways.
the person is walking forward.
man walks in a circular motion then stops right before completing the circle.
the person was pushed backwards but did not fall.
a person does jumping jacks.
a person bends to his left several times while stretching his right arm over his head.
a figure walks confidently forward then raises their hand as if to access a door nob
the person slides to their right 3 times, slides to their left 4 times, and slides to their left 2 times, ending at their original position.
the person puts something on its side and then brings it back to normal.
a person jogs on the spot, then stands still
the person turns to their left and begins walking up what seem to be 3 stair steps. after the third step the person turns around and takes one step back down.
person is holding his head because he feels dizzy.
a man walks from side to side while holding his right forearm with right hand, and then walks back.
a man walks from side to side while holding his right forearm with left hand, and then walks back.
the person was moving his arms up and down doing something.
person got down and is crawling across the floor.
person is walking forward while leaning on something with the left arm, then they stop and bring their arms out to the side
a man leans forward to pick up an object slightly to his left, and places it down slightly to his right.
walking forward making a 90 degree turn to the left at a gradual angle
a person jauntily skips forward.
a person turns to the left, squats while bringing both hands together then stands up straight again.
a person lays on the ground.
a person is on their knees and then they get up slowly.
a person is jogging forward at a steady pace.
person turns around, picks something up, put it to face, turns back forward.
the person picks something up, tilts it then puts it back down
a man slowly leans forward and moves around and carries a heavy object.
a person raises both hands and claps their hands multiple times before returning to their original position.
a person throws something and catches something.
person makes action of stuffing something into an object, bends over to put the object down before walking forward to bend over and pick up another object and place it a little bit to the left and then returns to original spot.
a person walks forward gingerly, then walks to the back of the space and turns around
a person dances briefly and then performs a backflip.
walking forward and then stopping.
a person turns to the left, then looks at left wrist.
the man is he pacing  back and forth
a person walks forward and stops.
a person kicked with right leg
a person punches the air with their arms.
someone scrolls from right to left and then stands
a person walks over something by standing on it, before continuing on their way.
the person is doing basketball signals.
stick man does fighting movements kicks in the air punches the air and stops
a person walks forward several steps and then stumbles to the right.
person is dancing moving arms in a circle while alternating kicking feet. then while circling the arms the step to the right a few times. they jump to the right and then kick the left leg behind them, jump to the left and kick the right leg behind them
walking forward turn around and then run back to starting place
a man stands with his feet shoulder width apart.  he then picks up something from near the ground with his right hand.  he holds the object for a few moments and then turns and walks away to his left.
person scatches head and armpit like a monkey then pretends to hold a baby
a person who is standing with his hands at this sides reaches down to his left, picks up something, moves the object to his right and places it down and returns to his standing position with his hands to his sides.
a person is walking forward strangely
a person stretches their shoulders by moving their bent arms forward and backward.
walking forward then stopping.
a person is stretching using his left arm.
a person runs to the right slightly.
the person stands still in a slight squat and then turns to their left and walks.
this person is seated as if playing the drums.
a person is sitting with the chin in hand, stands up, and then returns to sitting
the person is sitting down.
person is standing forward doing jumping jacks.
a man confidently walks down a ramp with a measured pace.
a person lowers the right hand bending down slightly to examine something, then straightens and raises something to his face with the left hand.
a person looks through binoculars
a figure sprints forward confidently
a person squats down and pushes up into a big jump several times.
a person is walking in a steady forward motion.
a person moves their elbows back and forth, moves forward, picks an object up off the ground, walks right, and reaches their right arm out.
a person bends forward and straights, and then bends forward to touch their feet.
a person walks several steps forward.
a person is carefully drinking from a cup
a person with both feet on the ground with both knees bended moving from one side to another, trying to hide or something
person makes washing motions with both hands on opposite upper arms.
a man crawls around on the ground.
the person is walking forward in an odd way.
the person throws out their left arm in front of them then brings both hands to their mouth before lowering them together to the center of their body.
a man paces back and forth along the same line.
a person taking two steps forward turns clockwise and turns around
a person is walking backwards to the right, then to the left, and back to the starting position.
a person walks back and forth from right to left, stops, and stands in one place.
moving forward on the floor.
a person lifts their arms to their side.
person is acting like a grizzly bear.
a person walks forward then upwards.
a person raises their hand up towards their head and then outs it back down
a person who seems to slap something
person walks up then takes a large step to their left and then goes back onto the same path they were on
a man moves his hand up in the air.
a person walks casually forward, appearing to walk down four steps. their shoulders are neutral. both feed come together at the bottom.
the person is boxing with their left hand.
a person is drying their right arm
a person moves right arm forward to shoulder length and then brings it down, while the left arm moves slightly outwards and back.
a man walks forward and picks up an object with his right hand, then puts the object back down and steps backward.
a person holding their left knee up in their air.
a man who is throwing something with his right hand
someone walks with difficulty on their right side, then tries to run
a person walks forward rather slowly.
a person, while running quickly, bends down and picks something up.
a person jumps from side to side left to right.
a person is walking backwards.
a person takes one step diagionally forward and left.
a man uses his right hand to throw somthing with force.
person bends knees then slightly jumps into the air.
person walks forward down two steps.
stay stand on the place and run.
a man jumps down from a curve.
the person was doing a warm up with his elbows.
a person walks forward then turns around and walks back.
a man with his hands over his head turns left and right, then bends to the side left and right.
person is walking like they are on a beam, arms out.
a person slowly walked forward and returned
a person warms up pectorals by moving arms inwards and outwards.
person kneeling down qith stool
a person walks forward a few steps and then takes a drink with his right hand
person opens drink and drinks it
a person is making a high kick with his left leg.
slowly swinging the arms forward as the body walks slowly.
a figure walks down and right to stare at a wall
person squats down repeatedly with arms raised up to hold weights.
a person stands using his left hand to play a guitar moving it up and down.
a person sits down, turns to their right, then stands.
a person pushes their right arm forward and then uses both hands together while bending over as if catching something.
a person sits down, jiggles his right knee, raises both hands quickly to his shoulders then rubs his stomach with his left hand.
ski mountain lodge  go down the mountain slowly
a person takes 3 steps backwards
a person does small movements as if they were imitating cooking. like adding spices to a dish or moving a pan.
a person is crouching down and looking around, catiously.
a person walks with arms flapping then brings arms to the front and bends elbows and wrists.
the person is moving something around.
a person walks forward, hops backwards, then defends themselves by putting their hands up in defense
a man stands still and then starts dancing around.
a person gets down and crawls around the floor.a
the person extending their left leg.
the person stands up while holding their left hand above their head.
a person, showing both hands holding nothing, waves his right hand then pulls something out of his left hand and throws it into the air.
a person jumping while rasing both hands, and  move apart legs
the person turns on the faucet to wash the dishes
a person bends over and then picks up something with his left hand and then the right.
a person jumps up and down.
a person stands with knees bent and arms down on their sides, then continues to stand with arms spread out to the side.
a person bends down to their left side, then takes their left hand and places it on their right arm, and finally bends back down to the left with both hands.
walking around in a circle.
a stick fogure holds their arms straight up and then quickly puts them back down.
a person holds their arms out in a horizontal fasion and then begins to "knod" his head forward as if he was overlooking a crowd. they then step forward a few steps and start to knod their head again.
a figure walks forward
a figure appears to climb stairs
a person cautiously walks in an arc
a person who performed a left handed uppercut
swaying back-and-forth with their arms out.
person is throwing a ball hard.
person stands and raises right leg, then proceeds to kick into the air towards the right. person then pivots their torso tot he right, raising their left leg and kicking to the right. then comes back to stand center
person is jogging straight ahead
a person walks forward and moves something with his right hand.
the man moves to the side
a person bends their right elbow repeatedly, raising their hand.
a person walks straight back.
a man picks up a phone with his left hand and talks on it.
a person start to dance with legs
laying down on face and crawling backwards.
a persion doing jumping jacks.
the person side steps to the right and then side steps to the left and then back to the right
a person walks forward while twisting their torso side to side.
person walks slowly on the spot
this person has both hands in front of his face moving them in circles.
a person runs in place and then steps to the left, makes a clockwise circle while in a running motion, where his hands are moving up and down.
a person who is standing with his hands at his sides quickly runs forward and stops.
a person starts slowly walking forward and then jogs some before coming to a stop.
a person walks forward then turns around and walks back.
a person hops forward then turns around and hops back past where they started.
a person is walking then stops and sits down
a person bends legs and lifts dumbells.
a person grabbed something and made some jesture
a person does two jumping jacks.
the person turns around and starts to walk backwards towards the screen. he then faces us and walks backwards
a person walks forward and stops.
a person walks backwards in a straight line
a person reaches for something with both hands, the raises their left hand then sets its hands back down.
a person stands up while raising their arms.
person moves backwards towards the left then right as though he is playing a sport game like football or baseketball
a man is standing still and then starts walking forward before turning around.
a person sits on a stool of some sort and brushes off their legs.
the person is jogging in place.
a person stretches their leg by lunging back and forth on it, stretches their arms one at a time by lifting them and bending at the waist in the opposite direction, then finally walks forward.
a person lifts their right forearm upwards towards their mouth and then puts it down again.
a figure gets down on all fours then raises its chest
a man postures his arms like holding a dance partner and dances the waltz from the left hand side to the right hand side.
a person holds their arms up then lowers them, then bends their arms at the elbow and moves back and forth
a figure winds up for the pitch.
the man walked forward, spun left on one foot and walked back to his original position.
a person stands on his left leg, swings his right leg out to the side, back, and then he returns to a two-legged standing position.
a person jogs in a straight line.
a person raises both hands, then just left, then right, then left again
the person is walking forward.
a man stands and raises both of his arms overhead and then makes up and downwards movements.
a person slowly walked forward
person runs on an exercise machine.
someone walks backward beginning with the left foot while progressively swinging the left arm back and forth harder and harder with each swing.
a person walks slowly forward.
person stands with arms extended to their side then lower them then walk forward then  swing arms side to side then go to side swinging arms still then punches in front
the person pulls the book off of the shelf
the person is walking forward with the cake.
a man waved his one arm in the air and then he put it down and waved his other arm in the air.
a person walks towards the left making a wide 's' shape.
a person raises their right hand then switches to raising the left.
a person walks forwards stiffly with both arms out in front of them.
a man walks from side to side while holding his left forearm with left hand, and then walks back.
a person lifts both arms out to their side and runs forward in a figure 8 pattern.
a person walks a few steps, turns around and begins crawling on the floor in the other direction, then stands and walks the other way.
a person picks something up in front of them moves it to the side then moves it back
the man is doing jumping jacks
a person looks to be petting a dog with right hand.
waving arms around randomly quickly.
a man is walking backwards slowly, stands still, looks around and walks forwards slowly
a person stretches each leg then touches their head.
a person turns to his left and looks around.
the person standing still with his arms crossed.
person walked forward picked up an item and walked to the back and set the item down
a man turns slightly to his right then lefts his left leg slightly and stamps down with his heel, before returning to his original position.
a man moving like a chicken.
the man reaches his right hand into the air then shrugs and digs a hole and shrugs again.
a person does jumping jacks fast.
the person is on the seesaw.
a person lifts his right arm, then does a lunge with his left leg
a person walks slowly backwards
figure moves hands the times in midsection of figure,
a man walks counterclockwise in a circle
a person slowly walked forward and returned
a person rolls their arms and shoulders.
a person waves with both hands.
a person scratching their head
a person standing in one position, gently swinging both arms in back-and-forth motion
the sim walks forward making a bit of a zig zag shape.
a figure wind mill kicks around the mosh pit.
a man bends his right arm at the elbow in a struggling motion.
moving the hands and littly  band the legs and move front.
the person is making an arm gesture putting his arms up into the air
person walks forward slowly and hesitates before standing upright
a person walks three steps to his right, then five steps to his left, and finally three steps to his right.
the man dances his feet in circles in front of himself.
the man walks in a forward facing zig zag motion.
a person who seems to put slippers on
a person steps to their left and sits down.
a person standing lifts their shoulders slightly and shimmies from side to side.
this person put both arms up in front of themselves, while standing still.
a person walks forward normally
a person steps backwards quickly, shakes their hands out by their side, then walks forward.
person is walking backwards at medium pace
a person standing points at something by lifting their right hand.
a figure tip toes around while walking in a slolam like motion
a standing person lifts their left hand and slowly touches their head
a man lifts his right arm up
a person is doing jumping jacks.
a person lifts each knee towards the opposite elbow
a person moves something out of the way in a effort to advance forward.
staying still then backing up.
a person who is standing on a balance beam takes three steps forward and then steps down off the beam.
a person raises their arms and throws them back down in frustration
a person walking one way and then increasing pace running back
the person was flying around like a fly.
a person walks forward, picks something up, puts their hand to their mouth and tilts back their head, then puts it down
a person gestures with both arms, puts their right hand on their hip, then gestures again
a person is sitting with both arms out in front of themselves holding something, then they move their right hand away and make sliding motions with it.
a headless line figure takes four steps forward, down a ramp, toward the viewer.
a kneeling person crawls forward, turns around, crawls back, stands and turns to the left.
a person in a seated position uses their elbows and forearms to raise up to a standing position.
person checking the time on his right wrist
person is sitting reading a newspaper.
a person is walking upstairs.
walking forward then slightly bending down at waist and touching a surface from right to left
a person walks back and forth, and every so often ducks down to the side suddenly.
a person throwed something with right hand
a man walks in a s-shape.
a person taking a bow forward. turning to his/her right, then taking another bow before returning to his/her original position.
a person wipes with their right hand .
a person walks, stepping onto a big object.
person is kicking an athletic ball
a man is crouching then raises his left hand to his head the lowers it back down.
someone slowly and dramatically walks forward in a straight line.
a man is pacing back and forth in a straight line.
a person using the right arm to reach for something.
person has arms raised and brings then to hip level
a man spins in a clockwise circle three times with his hands in front of him.
a person sitting and readjusting position to the left.
a person passing a ball or just kicking the ground twice
a person is walking like a mummy.
a person is moving around the room while moving his hands.
a figure waves with their right hand
a person irregularly walks backwards, turns around, then continues in the opposite direction.
person is doing "i'm the little teapot" dance
a person is lifting a dumbbell with their right arm.
a person slowly walks forward.
swinging arm down then standing still.
a man is doing jumping jacks.
person is drinking something from big container
a figure is boxing upercuts with is left blue arm and his right red arm stays at a 90 degree angle.
the person is leaving at someone with his right hand.
a person in boxing class
a person walks in a circle
the person is walking on a treadmill slowly.
a person walks diagonal leading with the right leg, then turns to walk back while swinging arms.
the man walks forward then back
a person kneels down with left hand
person runs quickly straight forward
person bends to pick up something approximately knee high on right side with right hand. he rotates to the left and takes that object and rubs it against something before returning it.
person stretches both arms up and then put arms down.
a person is moving around his arms.
jumping forward quickly then stopping.
while squatting, a person makes circular gestures with their right hand.
a person is dancing by putting their arms out making a t-pose and rotating their wrists, then moves their legs up and out one at a time.
a person is walking up a couple stairs while holding a railing.
a man energetically backsteps, then turns to his right and walks forward, then backsteps again, keeping a spring in his step.
person is jogging and then gets down and walks like an ape and then gets back up and jogs again.
figure appears to be carrying an itemm (large item)
a person raises their right arm to the left, then to the middle.
the person does 2 cartwheels
a person is sitting and makes slight movements of his hands
a person a little jumped forward
spinning arms near chest.
a person while sitting on the floor throws with his right arm and then stands.
a person walks forward after appearing to lift something with their right hand and swinging their right arm slightly whilst walking.
a person picks up two objects and begins performing a motioning action with both objects.
person is waving with their right hand
a person walks then stops briefly, he does a 180 degree turn and walks in that direction.
a person is lifting dumbbell over their head
a man throws an object with his right hand while lifting his right leg off the ground.
turning body from side to side.
a  person's arms by sides are crossed in front of chest and then lowered by sides again.
a person sits down at a chair, then moves the chair around while they are still in it.
a person is doing a dance.
a person moves forward quickly and lifts both legs before landing and continuing to move forward.
the person balances on their right toe, then switches to the left and spins in a circle
a person slowly walked forward and returned back
a figure puts two objects together from opposite positions.
a person brings his arms which were in the air along his body. his knees appear to be bent.
a person walks forward, then leans down as if to pick something up, turns around and puts something down on the ground.
person walks slightly to the right
a person grabbedsomething and lean it somehwere
a person stands on one leg in yoga pose.
a person walks on a beam with arms straight up in the air, stops and lowers his arms.
someone waits a moment and jumps to the right
a person jogs in place, slowly at first, then increases speed. they then back up and squat down.
a figure walks in a straight line, turns around, and crawls on all fours back the same direction
person walks forward in a semi-straight line with arms extended out to the sides.
a person jumps up and down on their toes
walking forward then stopping.
a person catches a ball with their left arm then throws it with their right arm.
a person lifts their arms from their sides in a semi-circle motion and ends with the forearms facing up.
walking forward then bending down
moving the left hand on stand.
a person walks forward with their arms at their sides while slightly going right.
a man stretches arms raised side to side and bends forward.
a person raises their right hand above their head.
the person crawls forward at a slow speed
a  man stands on the ground ,walks anticlockwise and then stops.
a perso bend the knee and leand to the floor and start walked
a person clasps his hands in front of him, then swings his clasped hands back and forth.
a person is putting both hands to his face.
a person appears to have severe arm pain holding and slouching their right shoulder.
the person is sitting and put his right finger up.
a person sits down to avoid pressure on their knees.
a person slowly walked backward, and sat on the knee and hands
a person waves with their left arm over and over and then raises both their arms up and down
the person grabs something in front of them, walks away, walks back, returns it and picks it back up again and begins to walk away again.
a man lifts an object on the left side with both hands and then places it on the right side with their left hand on top.
person walks forwards slowly and normally without swinging arms
a person throws and upper cut with his right hand.
person ran got down on his knees turn around and ran back the other way.
the person is making up and down hand gestures.
a person places left hand on cround and gets into a seated position on the ground. the person uses left hand to brace themself and gets back to a standing position
man stands straight up with his hands out in front of him and creates a patting motion in the air continuously.
man left foot stump one then stay in standing position.
a person walks clockwise in a circle.
a person has his right hand in the air.
a person does the cat walk
the person starts jumping jacks
a person walks forward at moderate pace.
a person holds their right arm bent at the elbow and bends their left arm up and down
someone appears to be stretching they turn their upper body in a counter clockwise direction and then leans upper body from side to side
a person lifts up their left leg while shifting on their right.
a person is rocking a baby
person is waving with right hand
a man scratches his head with his right hand.
a person crosses his arms in an x-shape out in front of him and then quickly swings them to the side, brushes off is left leg with his left hand, and then raises his left hand as if to wave.
person doing dumbbell lifting exercise
a person sits down in a chair and then gets back up.
a person stands in a defensive stance with right arm and leg forward, then uses the right forearm for a block across the body.
this person was forward then stops.
a man bends his legs, lifts his arms slightly, and then jumps twice on the spot.
taking 3 steps forward starting with left foot and then stopping
person swings arms up and down at the joints while bouncing around, as if dancing.
some performs two jumping jacks from a standing position.
starting with his right foot and shoulder forward, a person turns his torso clockwise, extends his left arm up and forward, and lowers his right hand down.
a person walks a path that bends left.
a person is walking at an angle to the right.
a person puts their hands on their knee, then gets up and walks towards the right.
a person who is standing with legs spread apart and his arms away from his sides, steps forward with his right leg, looks to his right, then takes a step back with his right foot, a step back with his left foot, a step back with is right foot and a step back with his left foot.
person turns to left, takes three steps forward, sits down, and then walks back to starting place.
the person is reaching for something with his right arm.
a person who is standing with his arms by his sides raises his arms above his head, leans to his left, leans to his right and then drops his arms and resumes his standing position.
a person appears to be raising both his arms with difficulty.
person walks forward speedily then abruptly stops
a person walks in a clockwise direction.
a person moves his hand in front of him in a horizontal, clockwise, circular motion.
a person raises both hands and pushes outward, then return hands to a downward starting position. the person the puts both hands on hips, and return them to sides one more time before slightly crossing both arms.
person is adjusting something on their head
the person walked forward and then turn right.
a person slowly walked forward
a person raises both arms straight out before dropping to all fours and then rising into a kneeling position.
person brings left forearm up to their eyesight like they are checking the time on a watch.
a person with their shoulders held high
a person jogs in place slowly in a counter clockwise circle.
person moves left and right leg slowly then quickly moves them in a fast motion
a person, standing in the middle of the screen, raises their arms and waves twice before lowering their arms again.
a person moves their arms around.
a person throws their right hand up
a person holds their hands together and bows their head a few times.
a person repeatedly holds both hands above their head and then swings them forward and down rapidly with force.
a person is shooting a basketball with both hands.
laying down and crawling forward.
a standing person raises their hands to touch the back of the left wrist with the right hand and then lowers their hands again.
a person is repeatedly raising and lowering their forearms.
a person does four jumping jacks then two forward leg jumps.
a person beginning to run in a straight line.
a person raises their right hand then puts it back down.
this person jumps on his left foot then on his right foot.
a person shakes their arms and shoulders and move backwards at the same time
person squats with knees facing inwards then stands up and quickly jogs  before stopping
a person grabbed the leg and did something
a person slowly walked forward and left direction
a person is standing and adjusts their weight to lean more on their left side.
a person loses his balance towards his right and then steps back towards his left.
this person steps forward then sits on a stool to brush off his shoe.
a person jumps and stretches out her legs and arms to the sides, pauses, and then performs jumping jacks.
this person kicks with his right foot while standing.
the person is jumping in place.
a man touches his upper right arm with his left hand, then reaches the left hand forward, then touches his left hand to his right sholder and reaches the left hand forward again before lowering it to his left side.
a person moves both their forearms in opposite circles, right hand clockwise, left hand counter clockwise.
a person brings their left hand up to touch their mouth, returns their arm to the side, then swings both arms simultaneously up and away from them.
a person plays the air drums while standing, starting with the center drums, moving to the left and then all the way back to the right.
a person makes several hand gestures and appears to move objects around.
a person bends down and touches their toes, then reaches up and stretches back and forth
a person starts a jogging on the place
a person lifts his left hand and waves his hand to say hello then puts left hand back down
a person walks in a clockwise circle while holding something over their right shoulder.
the person is wiggling his whole body.
a person is strolling around
someone walks up a flight of stairs.
walking in a circular pattern.
someone is posing woth their right leg out straight, their right are bent 90 degrees, and their left arm fully extended with their left hand anove their head.
a person kicks something with their right foot.
a person is walking on an upward slope.
a figure spins rapidly with arms outstretched then adjusts sleeves
a person walks forward with left foot, then trips and continues walking forward.
a person walks to the right, then to the left, then back to their original position in the middle.
the person is walking but struggling with the knee
the person move his arm to the right hand side up then left and right.
a person walks down some steps.
a person is jogging around
a person walks in a counter clockwise circle.
a person does a swimming motion while standing.
a person raises both hands and waves them in various ways.
a person slowly walks forward.
a person has his legs spread and arms crossed.
a person takes a step backwards.
a person is boxing, jabbing mostly with his right hand.
a person stayed on the place
a person does arm curls
this person jumps up and down on his left leg.
the man jumps twice into the air.
a person makes a toast, then raises a glass to take a drink and wipes his lips with a napkin.
a man stands up, walks clock-wise in a circle, then sits back down.
a person at a standstill starts running, then stops.
a person with their hands by their sides jumps twice on their left leg while bending their right knee and then jumps twice on their right leg, they then jump twice on their right leg while bending their left knee.  they repeat this pattern of jumps one more time before stopping.
a man walkes slowly forward
a person takes a step forward.
a person sits on a ledge
a person is using binoculars
a person walks down stairs while holding a railing with his right hand.
a man walks in a curved line.
person walks to the right and bends down looking for something , takes a few steps and walks again and bends down again.
person takes one sidestep to their left
a person bends slightly at the shoulders and mimics the movements of picking something up with both arms moving it from their left side to their right side.
he runs forward directly then stops
a person looks around, steps back, then runs forward while throwing an object.
a person takes a big step backwards.
the person was walking so he could sneak up on someone.
a person moves backwards then forwards then jumps.
a person goes from standing to on their hands and knees and moves forward.
a person walks forward and gets pushed, he stumbles to the left and then returns to his original path
a person walks straight going slightly to the left
this person reaches to the left then reaches forward with both arms and kicks with right leg.
a person lifts his left hand up, then right hand up and waves them about, then put his hands down
a person is standing straight with their arms bowed forward, twisting their hips right and stretching their right arm in the process.
a person pauses briefly then casually walks downward in a straight line, and stands in a relaxed pose.
a figure lunges backwards in a flexed pose.
a person grabbed something with right and after walked forward and backed
the man puts something down and walks
a person has their right hand on their head and walks around in a circle.
a person slowly jogs to the left to right and the jogs back into place
figure appears to be fighting or dancing
slowly wake on the left side.
the person is pouring some thing.
a person walks in a clock wise circle and stops were he began.
a person bends over and flaps his arms.
a person staggers around drunk and repeatedly gestures down with their right hand, as if mumbling an imaginary argument to themselves.
a person uses their right hand to throw an object in front of them.
a person walks forward before bending down to hold his left knee with both hands
a person shifts their weight from side to side, first settling back on their left foot, then their right.
person standing and stretching. puts both arms forward then behind their body then to their left side of body. moderate speed of movement.
person jogs around to the left and right
a person takes one step forward, jumps into the air giving their right leg out; after landing they take another step forward, make a swift counter clockwise turn before taking a last step forward stopping to pose with the right arm extended perpendicular to the right of the body and the left hand held near the front of the lower torso.
person sprints forward three steps stops then sprints forward again
a person appears to scratch their head.
raising arm towards chest while standing.
a person does jumping jacks, stumbles and then backs up to continue.
a person raises their left hand then their right then sets them down.
a man is walking forward and stumbles
someone is dancing they start off a clap and moves their arms around while moving their feet forward and backwards
a man raises left foot knee high then swings out and puts down repaets this motion twice
a person is crossing their arms.
a person walks forward and picks up and moves a heavy object.
a person lunges forward with one foot, reaching his arms out at the same time; this happens twice.
a person throws something upwards with two hands.
a person walks, turns around, and walks back
a man pets a large dog.
a person walks forward in an askew line.
a individual is standing still, raising their fists to make a rolling motion, before raising their fist up to their shoulders, shaking them then placing their left arm at their side.
person turns around from front to rear and whilst holding his hand and arm stomach level then turns around again and goes to original position
a person is making signals with both his hands
he walked over a high object which was in his way.
a person walking and changing their path to the left
a person hops forward with both legs and after a few hops they hop on top of something then back down right after.
a man steps forward, then brushes something at knee height with his right arm, then steps back and stretches his arms out to either side.
the person stands and squats a couple of times with their hands out in front of them
standing on one leg and swinging it.
a man swings his right arm behind him and then swings it forward and down toward the left, as if he is brushing something aside,
a person standing in place lifts and waves with his right hand.
person moves left foot infront to side then moves right foot  leading body to stand side on on opposite side of square
a person walking in a counter clockwise direction
a person warlk forward with a very possive stride.
the sim appears to push something, then brings both hands to their right ear.
a man walks forward for a short time, turns slightly to the right to meet back at his starting point then continues forward for a short time and turns left heading back to starting point to create a figure 8.
a man walks forward slowly, then turns around.
a figure is laying on the ground then rolls into a sit, then into being on all fours, then to standing
the man is dancing i think
a person walks using a handrail with his left hand.
the person is pacing back-and-forth.
a person is walking and stops.
the person uses the left to grab the right elbow and swing it. the right arm raises up.
a man side steps to the right.
a person lifting their left arm up
person jogs, stops to bend over, then continues jogging.
a person either pleading or praying with their hands folded in front of them.
a man walks around in a complete circle.
a person walks to the right makes a u-turn clockwise and returns to the left of their initial position facing away
a person walks in a s shape
the person is doing the cha-cha.
the man wrings his hands and twists his ankles.
the toon jogs in place.
the person is putting something in a mixing bowl.
the person is doing a casual quick walk.
a person alternately uses his hands to illustrate a high-spirited drumming motion.
a person rotates both wrists, wiggles their right foot, wiggles their left foot, bends their knees, then finally sticks their arms out to the side.
a figure scratches where its head would be with its right hand.
a person moves around in a random fashion, trying to dodge something.
a person walks forward with a strut.
the man walk forward and move the right hand to the right side and went back.
a man walks in a forward arc, skewing to the right side of the screen.
a person steps forward, then kneels down using their left hand for support.
a person repeatedly blocks their face with their left arm.
a person is standing up straight, with their arms stretched out. they then bring both hands toward their face simultainiously.
a person runs forward and then to the right.
walking forward and then to the side.
a person falls to their knees.
person takes step forward with right leg before kicking out with left foot, swinging left arm simultaneously.
the man take sideways steps to the right.
a person hops to the right two times then hops to the left.
person walks six steps to side with right arm up
a figure leans forward as though impersonating an airplane/scanner
he starts to crawl a lot
a person doing torso-twists, side-bends, and a lower back/hamstring stretch.
hands are on the knees, hands go to the chest in a scratching motion, and then hands go back down to the knees.
a person runs from the middle to one side then turns around then runs to the other side, then runs back to the middle.
a person walks forward, then takes a big step forward.
a man runs away, forword he goes with his hand over his head.
a person steps forward to the right and then stops.
a man brings both hands up towards his face and shift slightly to the right and back.
a person raises their left arm holding an object and then lowers their arm
this person runs forward then stops.
the person pick something up and tilted to the side and then set it back down.
a person walks in a counter clockwise circle.
from a standing position, the person raises both arms above their head, crouches low, slowly swings their body from right to left while tilting their head, and then stand up and takes a step to their right
character is moving slowly before moving into a moderate jog.
while walking forward he appears to be pushed, he rights himself and continues walking.
a person takes off their t-shirt with one arm.
person is performing dance moves
a man brings his fingers together in front of his chest, then sweeps them both in the air in front of him at chest level from his right to his left.
a person rolls his right ankle while walking
a person is walking across a narrow beam.
a man bends down to crawl on his knees.
a person bends over and picks an object up with both hands and stands up straight.
person walks forward and makes a clockwise motion with hands, and then moves to the left side.
a person slowly walks forward.
a person who is standing with his arms by his sides jumps in place twice and then shifts his body left and right while remaining in place.
a person raises their left arm up to their face.
a person takes a big jump forwards.
the man makes a gesture and ties his laces
a person who is running
a man is picking an object up from the left side and then places it to his right side.
the body paces back and forth, then lifts the right arm in the air, and continues to pace back and forth.
a man walks forward in a snake like pattern.
i person side steps to his right, sliding his feet across the ground.
person side steps to the left and then sits down. then, gets back up
a person's squats down using mainly their right leg, their left leg crosses their right leg, and then they stand back up
this person does a short sprint forward, holding their arms up to their chest level.
a person is in a seated position and making a steering gesture.
person seems to be preparing food
the  person is running over a vault.
the person brings their hands up in front of them as if opening something, and then ends in a t-pose.
a person walks forward two steps and turns around and walks back two steps
a person steps around something then sits down on the item and rests each hand on the corresponding thigh
a person walks forward and turns and walks backwards.
a person placing something in their hand and then throwing it while twisting their body.
a person jumps repeatedly, waving their hands in circles.
a person climbs up something, turns around and climbs back down.
a person stomps the ground with their left foot.
a person dances and then runs backwards and forwards.
the person claps and puts their hands down.
the person is walking forward.
a person raises their left arm to their face pensively while shifting their weight from side to side.
a man jumps twice with his arms relaxed at his sides.
the person raises both hands, then lowers their left hand.
a person balances on their right foot while kicking in multiple directions with their left foot.
a man hold his arms above his head and then performs different motions with arms apart and then in front of him
a person claps their hands.
a man continuing bending forward at the waist with his arms dangling in front of him.
the figure rises from a laying position and walks in a clockwise circle, and then lays back down the ground.
the person is walking normally.
he sidesteps 8 times turns and sidesteps back four.
a man bends down and picks something up witn his right hand.
this person is stretching his right leg.
a person steps backward, jumps up, runs forward, then runs backward.
a person does one squat with arms straight out in front.
the man sits on a stool and looks around.
someone doing the chicken dance
a standing person seems to be shoved from behind, then regains their balance after a quick stumble.
the person walked in a complete oval
the sim is doing a range of motion exercise from their wrist to their shoulders on both their right & left sides.
the person is stopping with their left foot.
a person is stepping around while their hands are behind their back
the person leans on the right then left and then grabs something on the ground. they wipe something on the right hand side. they do a twisting motion like a doorknob and set an item down on the left side on the ground
the person is walking in circles
a man steps forward, then suddenly staggers to his left, before returning to his original course.
a man walks forward, turns around, and starts to turn around again.
a person lifts a large object up at waist height from their left and places it back down to their right.
a person hammers a nail into a wall.
a person lifts something to their face and wobbles their body in circles.
the person is crouched down and raises their left hand
a person walks clockwise from the 3 o'clock position to the 11 o'clock position.
a person is walkin whilst crouched and kicks
a person claps with hands.
a man walks forward with his hands down stiffly at his sides.
a man climbs up steps.
a person military presses weights above their head.
a man staggers backwards from a standing posture, swinging his arms, before ending in a standing posture.
the person is jumping with his hands up.
the person is around and i think holding someone dancing.
a person stands with his two feet apart and light hops in that position 14 times.
person squats all the way to the ground, then leaps up all the way, raising both hands above the head.
person is doing a huge stretch  to the right
the man plays violin holding it in his right hand.
the person had something in his hand turned around and said it on the ground.
standing on one leg and hopping.
a person walking forward four steps with their arms down beside them and then they stop.
a person picks up a cloth with his right hand, turns on a faucet with his left hand, and then washes something using his right hand.
a person walks diagonally backwards
a person claps with their hands
a person walks forward to the left, then takes several steps backwards, stumbles and steps to the left.
a person is walking and stumbles.
the person is walking up the stairs and stood still.
a person walks forward, slowly.
a person jogs forward and semi circles around to the right and then to the left.
a man brings arms and hands together, sways left to right, brings his right arm down and then back up again.
a person slowly walks forward with hands down at sides.
the person was walking around to the right and then turned around and walked back.
a figure quickly walks forward.
the person starts in a wide standing position, swings left leg behind and around back to the wide standing position.
the person is running around in a circle.
a person walks in a counter clockwise circle then sits down.
a person is cheering and dancing
walks side ways but back and forth
a man turns to his left and brings his hands up to touch in front of his chest as he kicks something with his left leg.
the sim is walking in a circle motion.
a person jumps forward with both feet.
a man moves something from one spot to another.
a person walks backward, runs forward, and walks backward again.
a person takes a couple steps forward, pauses, turns and jogs to the left, then jogs to the right, then jogs back to where he started
a person raised the hands grabbed something and made some jesture
someone walking stands and begins to move shoulders and arms
a person walks forwards, places their left hand on something to support them, then bends their right  knee back and using their right hand holds their shoe, to inspect the sole of it.
a person, whose hands is swaying front to back, is walking in a counter-clockwise circle while bringing their knees up as they walk.
a person walks diagonally and raises arms in a t pose and seems to be balancing on a wide beam. then stops and drops arms to side.
a person is sneaking around
a person puts their hands on their hips and turns to the left side.
someone walks forward and to the right, then stands looking straight ahead.
a man limps to the right side of the room, then runs back to the left side
walking side to side.
a person running then quickly taking a step to their left.
a person wipes down a tabletop.
a person appears to be hitting a ball with their right hand.
a person picks a drink up with their right hand and finishes it.
a person side steps to the right and back to the left.
a person walks forward using their left hand to steady themselves on an object.
this person swings both arms around and back to front.
a person is leaning forward and making rapid movements with their right arm.
a person lifts up their arm at a 120 degree angle twice and then reverts their arm to the opposite lower part of their body.
running forward and stopping.
person picked up his phone made a call and then put it back down.
a person waves with his right hand two times then stops, touching his left shoulder with his left hand.
this person waves widely with his left arm.
a person walks forward, crouches down to pick something up, turns around and walks back where they came from, then turn around again and walk to set the item on something.
the figure takes a few slighly hurried steps without raising their arms, it looks they are about to start running but haven't quite yet begun.
a person jumps straight up with both arms down.
the person swings both arms, squats, and jumps while turning 45 degrees to his left before landing.
from a standing position person leans their head down to their right slowly, in front of their chest then back up kind of like a snake.
a person is standing with their hands on their hips, they walk forward and turn to the right, then relax their arms.
both the hand holding the right leg.
the person waddles low to the ground and then stands up and walks back.
the man looks at his watch.
someone is pulling back, while standing on one foot.
person is throwing and catching a football.
person holds roght leg up by the knee woth both hands and extends leg.
a person waves with their right hand
a person runs moderately in an oval shape
a person who is standing does four weight lifting arm curls with his right arm.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides takes six steps forward, than angles to his right as he continues walking.
a person on a swivel chair moved from front to left typing and talking on the phone motions.
the person walks in a straight line and places their right hand to support their weight against something.
a person appears to be running in place.
a person tapping on a surface
the person is walking down arms out.
walking forward in a diagonal line.
a oersin grabbed something with left hand, and did something with right hand
a person extends their left arm outwards then back to their shoulder, in a curling motion.
a person walks down in an s pattern, bends down and picks something up and puts it down to the right twice in a row.
a person walks around and then crouches down with their arms forward
a person bends down to pick something up with their right arm, sets it down with their left arm, and then starts to pour something into it.
person uses right hand and arm to move to side then front ways then other movements
a person walks backwards and then steps up stairs backwards as well
person walking walks forward, turns around and walks back.
person squatting then raising both arms to 90 degrees
the person was pushed from the left but did not fall.
quickly waving arms above head and then clapping while looking around.
the person is jogging in place.
a person shifts around in place like a zombie, raising their arms up and down.
the man pick some thing up from the left and moved it to the right.
a person walking forward steps up onto something and then steps down off the other side, then again up onto something and down the other side, then turns right and walks forward, then turns right again and steps up onto something.
a man stands with his arms at his sides, and sways slightly to his left.
someone runs backwards in a counterclockwise motion.
a person walks in a clockwise semi-circle
a person raises both hands to chest level out in front of them makes a swatting motion with right hand for five seconds and then a single swatting motion with their right.
this person side steps left, stops and side steps right.
a person walks in a circular path.
a man walks forward, turns around, walks diagonally, then turns around and crouches.
a person waves with their right hand
a person limping with right leg hurt and going around in a circle.
a person lifts their left arm up, twitches a bit, then brings their right arm up while putting their left arm down.
a person walking down a stage.
a person appears to be playing the violin.
a person holds an object steady with their right arm and strums with their left arm.
a man raises his hands up on the air,starts clapping and then lowers them down.
a person stands in place with their arms bent.
a person does a drinking motion with his right arm
a person jumps and spins 180 degrees.
person was walking and hit his head.
person looks like theyre holding a microphone and talking into it
a person leans to their left as they punch with their right arm.
a person picks an item up and moves it a foot to their right and places it down.
a person runs back and forth
a person reaches forward with the right hand and then lets their arm drop to their side.
someone jumps up twice, bringing their hands together in front of them as they go upwards and releasing them as they go downwards.
a person lightly kicks, maybe out of disappointment, or a routine motion of an object for something fun
person steps ten steps in a side on direction very stelphly
a person dribbles a basketball through their legs then runs quickly.
a person is holding something in his or her hand, turns it upward, he looks down at it and puts his hand down
the person was doing a warm-up with his wrists.
the person walks forward and takes a bow
a person takes a big step to the side.
a person turns clockwise and then spins multiple times counterclockwise.
a person is standing up, then touches his left foot with his left hand then his right foot with his right hand
a person with their hand pointing towards the ground is walking slowly across an area; their arms are only moving slightly almost as if just hanging there.
a person bends both arms in front of body at shoulder level,flaps them and then unfolds them.
the person is holding his right arm up.
a person stops to take a look at their watch.
a person stumbling to their right side.
a person made a micro move to bent the knee
starting with their left foot a person walks quickly forward.
the man is moving his body and making moves
a person standing with their knees slightly bent is using both of their hands to hold on to something at chest level.
a man picks something with his right hand and then makes circular motions with the same hand .
a person steps backwards with their left foot and stretches.
a person picks something up with their right hand, pours it out, and sets it back down.
a person standing raises his right hand to talk on the phone.
a person is scrubbing a window
a person shifts left and right on their feet while stretching out their arms, bending them and raising them.
a person sits on the ground and gets back up.
a person walking in a strait path at a slow pace with only four steps with it's arms on it's side.
the person checks the watch on his hand.
someone stands with their hands on their upper legs spread apart, then straightens up and outstretches both arms.
a person walks diagonally across a room from left to right.
the person is jogging with dumbbells.
this person is moving as if excited and animated while speaking.
the character scratches his head with his right arm
this person waves his right arm up and down as if to enjoy a beat.
person takes large lateral step to the right side
a person stumbles backwards wobbling slightly
a person bends at the hips and moves from the left to right while lifting arms up, bent at the elbows
a person walks forward slowly without moving forward, as though walking on a treadmill, and his arms remain still at his sides.
a person raising both his hands.
a person runs diagonally across a room with their arms swinging hands down.
the person walks in a clockwise circle
person has arms out before lowering and running quickly on the spot
the person is leaning forward looking around.
a person sits on the ledge of something then gets off and walks away.
a person walks forward then turns around and takes long jumps.
a man reaches over and picks up some wet soap, and washes his hands with it.
a person uses their hands to clap
a person jumps into wide stance with his arms making a v shape and then jumps back into a normal, relaxed stance.
someone jogs in place, makes a quarter turn to the left and back, jogs backwards and then forwards.
the figure has bent knees with legs apart and arms up my their side, the left one falls to the left side, stays their and then goes back up for both arms to fall.
a person walks slowly in a circle but then jumps back abruptly and continues to hop around.
a man crawls forward on his stomach.
a person is smelling their left armpit.
the person walks sideways in both directions.
walks in a tight circle the runs back and walks in a tight circle.
the sim appears to scoot across the plane.
a man stands still for two seconds.
a person touches each elbow to the opposite knee then spreads his legs and starts to do squats.
a person jumps into the air.
a person is stretching its shoulders
a person waving one hands in a horizontal circular motion in front of them
a man supports himself with his right hand, carefully going down to his knees.
man bows down to the right.
the man plays the violin.
the person is hammering a nail.
a person jumps very high and steps forward making little kicks, then stands with right arm in the air.
a person has their right hand raised in the air and slowly lowers it.
a person moves into a fighting stance.
the person was turning on the faucet.
in a fighting stance, person punches downward with their left hand.
a figure walks forward in a sort of strut fashion, lightly zagging to the right then to the front
person reaches out right arm in front of them, puts their arm down, then reaches again with right arm.
a person hunches with hands forward then shakes his head left to right.
someone rubs their belly with their left hand and rubs their head with their right hand at the same time.
a person whos put both hands together and is begging
a person bends both arms up and down at the elbow twice.
a person walks forward as their right hand guides them
moving hands side to side.
a person stands with arms hanging before clapping once, dropping her arms for a moment, then clapping for a  few moments before dropping her arms again.
a person lifts and spins around their right leg then lifts and spins around their left.
a person raised he lef for half and after changed the leg
a person stands with his left hand in front of his body.
a person attempts to get a rock out of their shoe.
a person stands in one spot, waiting and looks around and then looks at their watch once.
a person standing still shuffles to the left.
a person goes from a standing position to a bended knee while gesturing.
a person gracefully walks forward, picks up an object, and raises it towards their face.
he is stretching his arm then moving it
a person walks and steps over something.
a person tilts left leg to left branch slightly, strides forward and follows with right leg.
a man is shot in the chest, falls to the ground, crawls and pulls himself up.
a person steps forward, turns to the side and gestures several times.
a person sways to swing their right foot followed by their left foot.
the person is getting a shower and washing his right arm.
a person walks straight forward quickly
the sim appears to be adjusting a watch that is placed on their right wrist.
it looks like the person is taking care of his shoes
a person grabs a small invisible object from his left and places it directly in front of them.
the man stretches side to side then touches his toes.
the person is shaking out both her arms.
person is walking in a circle moving his arms.
a person walks forward, with a quickening step and stops tentatively, as they take their last step.
a person walks forward at a brisk pace.
a person moves their arms forward then around in opposite circles
a person jumps forward with the left foot, moves the right foot in front of the left foot, and then moves both feet back to standing position.
a person is stationary moving their arms in symmetrical motion as if they are swimming.
someone working out the right arm
a person walks in a large circle.
a person stands up from a sitting position, makes an overhand throw motion, and underhand throw motion, then a basketball shot motion.
a person slowly walks in a circle pattern as though they are ballroom dancing.
a person sits in a  chair then stands back up.
person stands still with arms bent forwards, as if gripping some handlebars.
a person starts walking forward and then begins to run.
a person swaying his/her leg a certain motion and raising their right arm
a person crouches down to crawl four steps forward and to his right, then turns around and crawls back to where he started before standing up.
person walks straight in pretty slow phase, turns around and walks in oppsite direction.
a man sits down, brings his hands to his face and then stands back up.
a person walks forward then around off to the side.
a person walks in a counter clockwise circle.
a person walks forward then back while looking down.
a standing person is swaying gently back and forth as he holds his left hand to the left side of his head for a moment. he drops his arm, briefly, then raises it to look at his hand.
person appears to be holding some thing with both hands and then throws it forward with their right hand.
the person takes 4 steps forward, then shakes its legs.
a man turns to his left, walks forward, reaches out for something with his right hand, turns around counterclockwise, walks back, and then turns once again counterclockwise and walks.
a person is making rapid swinging motions with their right leg in the air, while holding onto something with their right hand.
a person raises his right arm in front of himself, swings it over to the side, then lowers it.
a person sits on a chair behind them and then stands back up.
a person crosses arms briskly across the front of thier body, then raises one hand and moves both hands back and forth.
a person leans to the right pouring something with the left hand to the right hand.
a person paces from left to right and vice versa.
a person walks while holding a hand rail
the body bent over talking small steps to the left as the right hand moves inside.
a person walks forward while holding out their arms for balance
a person who uses his left arm to reach his right leg twice
a person performs a squatting motion and lifts arms horizontally
a person who is standing with his arms down by his sides raises his hands shoulder high, looks slightly to the left, turns his body to the right and drops his hands to his sides and faces forward.
person is walking with his arms out like he is balancing.
the person is walking straight backwards.
man stands holding both arms up at his sides at a right anglefor 7 seconds then brings both hands down together to his left side and squeezed an object.
a person propels himself and takes a long jump
a person walks forward, barely drifting to their right, before stopping.
a person stands with their arms stretched out then sits down.
a person is doing acting like a little teapot.
a person jumps sideways to their right several times, then several times to the left.
a person walking in a diagonal direction
a person walks up four steps while holding onto the railing with their right hand.
a person imitates biting into something then waves their right hand around randomly.
someone slouched in a sitting position gets up and begins walking in a circle.
a person is attempting to jump rope by hopping from one leg to the other as if running in place, but has to reset every two to three jumps.
the person is widewalking.
a person ducks down suddenly, steps forward, and stands back up.
a person swings their arms in front of their chest and then back by their side 3 times.
person put their blue color hand up and moves slightly forward on the blue colored leg. the knee of the blue colored leg bends lightly. red colored leg moves backwards and bends that knee. both hands go above the head and the person leans forward and makes the hands into a circle
stick figure starts running in place
this person is cleaning a table.
a person with its arms raised, sets them down then claps .
person looks to be washing a window with both hands
a person walks forward and side kicks then puts his hand to his face
a person does a throwing motion with his right arm
a person is pulling something and then walks and puts their arms out
a figure seems to be gesturing for people to run past or through or under their other arm
a person lifts object with two hands and throws with right hand.
a person walks up stairs
a person walks straight slowly.
a person struggling to push arms forward and upwards, arms shaking.
a man twists his neck,moves his arms up and downs one after the other,and then makes a circular  hand motion.
a person crawling from right to left and vice versa
this person walks slowly forward in a zig zag.
a person standing up strikes their hands together well above their head.
a person stands and trying to hold balance.
a person briskly walks foward swinging their left arm back and forth.
a person ballet dances in a triangle.
person jumps to the right, then jumps to the left, then turns around and walks back to the start before jumping once again.
a person grabbed something and throw it with right hand
a person walks a few steps, then begins to jog or run.
a person leans their body moving their right arm above their head past their left shoulder.
a figure walks towards a wall and stares, confined.
the person is making hand gestures bending its red wrist.
walking diagonally to the left
a person walks backwards and stops.
a person walks forward slowly, their arms swinging slightly, then they turn around.
a person is bent over at the waist, motioning forward with their right hand, then stands up.
a person walking slowly across something.
the person is painting a wall.
the person is practing balancing on one leg.
a person performs three jumping jacks.
a person swinging golf club or swinging and hitting ball with a bat.
a sitting person sits up straight, than stands and finally sits back down.
doing a cartwheel then jumping up and down.
the person put his hands on his knees.
a person casually walks forward.
a person standing forward doing leg kicks.
a figure with arms out rotates down the moves hands around.
a person walks forward, steps over something with his right leg, and then he continues walking forward.
the person is walking forward turning left.
character lifts both hands up to face twice.
a person kicks with their right leg twice, and then once with their left.
waving hands in and out.
a man shrugs his shoulders then takes a step back before waving with his right hand.
a person walks forward and to the left.
walking in a straight line
walking backwards very quickly.
person jumps to side with legs and arms then squats a few times with arms raised
a person who sits down on there knees
a person walks in a clockwise circle while bent forward at the waist, and holding their right leg with both hands.
a person is climbing up a ladder and cleaning
the person to march forward and turned left.
a person stiffly walks forward and backwards.
a person is in a fighting stance with their legs spread and fists raised. they hop forward and kick out with their left foot before returning to their original position.
a person pers someing with right hand then scratches something with left have and then steps backwards
a person that picks up a item lifts it to the right and places it back down in the same position
a person dribbles a ball with one hand then the other and proceeds to shoot ball into goal with both hands.
person was walking down the path around things.
standing on one foot.
person puts both hands clasped together stomach height then puts both hands bent onto sides  of their body
a person bends down as if pushed.
a man holding his partner dances in a counter clockwise direction while facing forward.
person is reaching down.
a man steps forward, then picks something up with his right hand, then with his right hand, brings them close together, and sets them back down in the same order.
a person walks forward and jumps over an object, then turns around to jump over it again and walk back.
a person dancing and spinning side to side.
person standing with both feet firmly planted on the ground upper body moved very slightly
person squats then rotates a quarter of the way clockwise.
a person slowly walked forward
a person stands still for a second and then takes a step back with their right foot.
a person stands still for a moment, and then staggers forward.
a man holds right hand to right side of head and begins panting like he's out of breath.
she jumps up and down, kicking her heels in the air.
a person is performing a ballet dance.
person walks forward then turns to their right and carry on walking then stop
a person walks with side steps to the right and then walks forward, then turn around and walks back
a person walks quickly in a diagonal direction for 8 steps and then turns to walk in the direction they came from.
the person was pushed but stayed standing.
person runs backwards performing an a like pattern
a person walking down and taking a left turn
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides, turns and steps backwards, jogs forward six steps, turns 180 degrees and jogs four steps, then stops and resumes his original position.
the person was running forward.
a person walking forward, turning around, and walking back.
a man raises his left hand to this face then lowers it back down.
a man takes sideways steps to his right, then immediately takes sideways steps to his left back towards his original position.
a man does a box step waltz backwards.
a person walks in an s shape pattern.
a person stands with legs shoulder-width apart, slightly bent at the knees, arms outstretched at shoulder height, lowers left arm for several seconds, then brings with arm back to shoulder height.
a person runs forward to throw with the right arm
a person walks in a left diagonal then stops with hands slightly raised.
a person slowly walks forward
a person jumps up and down.
a person is stumbling forward.
the person left of the dumbbell over his head.
a man raises his hands over his head, and to the sky. his lips move so as to mouth the words "ascend."
a person jumping over a puddle
the person sat down and crossed his legs.
the person is doing a pectoral warm up.
a person picks up something with his right hand and walks forward.
person seems to be exercising by bending at the knees and walking forward
he is self balancing while walking through a narrow bridge.
person walks on hands and knees then stands up.
a person sidesteps to their left.
a person is doing jumping jacks.
a man jogs forward a few steps, walks back to his spot and squats down.
a person stretching their right arm
person walks five steps forward whilst holding right hand extended to the right hand side holding onto something
a person goes into a ducking position like they are shielding themselves from something
a person turns to his left and kicks something with his right foot.
peron moves forward with arms shoulder height then fully turns arms to the back and moves further forward then turns to side and moves back quickly
a person slowly walked forward and returned
a man raises his right hand to his head then lowers it back down.
a person placing something from left to right
stick person is spinning in circles with arms flaling around and hopping or skippinh to the left
the person uses their arms to warm up
a man side-skips from left to right repeatedly.
a person holds their head with both hands then bats away something with their right hand.
a person puts their hands together, leans forwards slightly then swings the arms from right to left
figure stands, turns left and walks, stops, turns right and walks, turns left and stops halfway, turns forward, and then stands.
the man throws  both hands
a person walks in a circle continuously.
the figure curls its arms outwards from its chest, it lowers its arms in the motion towards its groin and then raises them upwards at head level.
a person lowers their hands then waves and waves again then waves in a wider motion.
a person walks forward and rubs an object in front of them with their right hand.
the person picks something up with his left hand, pulls something towards him with his right hand, wipes it off, and puts it down in his left hand.
a person does a jump
a person steps forward with their left foot, then walks backwards and to the left and steps back with their right foot, then repeats the motion.
the person starts by sitting and dials with their right hand then holds the phone with their left and starts by turning in their chair, before standing up walking to the left around the back of the chair then sitting down again.
person aims and throws a baseball
this person walks forward, swats then walks back.
person takes a quick step forward
the man touches his head with the left hand then the right.
walking in a circular motion.
figure walks forward, raises foot to step up and over, uses other foot to drop down, walks forward and stops.
a person steps forward, turns around to his left, and steps back and stops.
a man is crossing his arms in front of him and then swings them side to side and then up and down.
the person is sat down and their arms are shaking
the man performed a tennis smash that won the match.
a person jogs in place
a person in a t shape, bends down to the right and back up.
a personnlfots their arms up and down then appears to type something.
a person stands and looks over their right shoulder behind them.
a person raises both arms to his face, then drops them back to his sides.
a person walking side to side.
person walks forward with left hand extended to side, trying to feel something.
the person walks forward slowly.
the person is shivering and then rubbing their hands together to stay warm.
the person steps a little wider than shoulder width apart first with their right foot, then with their left before squatting 4 times.
the person is doing something at the counter and moving it to the right.
a person throwing an object ( a ball) in a pitching stance using the right arm.
a person standing in place boxing
a person bends down and crawls to the left.
person is doing some 90's dances
ther person walks forward and leans down to pick something up.
walks forward, turns around, and walks back.
the person is running forward.
a person walks briskly forward, swinging arms to his side.
a person steps forward, turns around and walks to the back.
a man movea his right hand as if to wipe down a tabletop.
using their left hand, the person holds the neck of an air guitar, and with their right hand, they make strumming motions.
the sim appears to walk forward bend slightly grabbing an object with their left hand.
a blue and red person lifts arms up to waist level and twist to the  red side, right side at waist level
the person is standing up being flexable
a person holds their arms out to each side, teetering them up and down slightly. then, they begin to rotate their arms in slow, wide circles,
person moves forward to their left side and picks something up and does a full turn back
a man walks forward with arms relatively stiff at sides.
the person is walking forward.
a person throws and object and then catches another object
a person standing on one foot holds their right hand up while moving their left foot in a side to side motion.
a person throws a shotput.
a person walks forward carefully placing one foot directly in front of the other foot.
a person throwing a punch upwards similar to a uppercut motion
the stick figure is walking in form of a back wards letter j.
a person walk forward cautiously with their hand against a surface.
a person walks forward and picks things up and puts them down with their hands.
right hand circular motion medium speed
the person crouches and walks forward.
a man picks up an object moves it a few inches to the right then places it back down
with his left foot behind him, a person bends his left leg at the knee and moves his body in that direction as if warming up for a sporting event.
a person standing with his arms by his sides turns to his right and takes four steps, turns 180 degrees and takes five steps, turns 180 degrees again and takes two steps, stops and faces forward.
a person doing karate type motion forward and then backwards
person is in t stance, brings arms in, then returns to t
a man brings his hands down to his thighs, standing with his knees bent, before extending his arms to either side and then bringing them back down to his thighs.
raising and lowering arms.
a person walks while dragging his feet.
a person running in a line
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides takes two steps forward, angles to his left as he continues walking and then stops.
a person slowly walks in a 3/4 circle.
person walks forward and picks something up with both hands
person stands still with both arms raised at shoulder height
a person stands still and does not move.
a figure does a standing sprint
person is performing golf motion
the sim appears to be using their left hand to wipe or wash a window.
a person with its hand raised, gets down on to its knees.
a person walks forward, and repeatedly reaches down then shakes something
a person who is prone pushes himself up off the ground using his arms and propping himself with his knees before standing awkwardly in a ready to wrestle position.
a person kicks with their right leg.
a man walks forward and raises both his arms and then drop his arms .
the person is boxing with the right arm.
a man sways side by side with arms out
a person is crouched and stands then resumes the crouched position.
a right handed golfer takes a golf swing.
person is walking forwards quite fast, then squats down to pick something up to then turn around and walk fast again. appears to be in a rush and moving an item
a person walks turning to the right.
person stands there and looks around.
a person slowly walked backards and returned
person puts hands on head then chest then knees then toes
it is a person walking backwards.
a person walks quickly forward, moving at a slight angle to the right
this person steps forward and grabs an item then moves his right arm up and down.
he walks then runs forward
a person acting like a tiger
a person steps back putting hands on hips then steps forward with the right leg then turns in a circle and steps with left leg forward.
a person is wrinkling a paper in their hands and moving their feet from side to side
a person walks in a counter clockwise circle.
subject walks in a full circle, then side steps to turn around and walk around something to avoid running into.
a person who seems to evade something from their left side and run at a insane pace
the person pats something in front of them.
the person is holding onto to handrails.
a person moves an object from a position on his left to a position to his right.
from a standing position a man spreads his legs widely.
a man stretches his arms out, then moves his right arm back and forth.
a person slowly walked forward
a person walks and turns left to walk back.
the man holds something above his left shoulder and rubs it with his right hand.
a person is drinking from a glass.
a person walks straight, takes a half turn to the left, walks and then stops
a person stands still with their arms stretched out.
a person is excersising using arms and legs
person walking in an s shape
a person jumps while spreading legs apart and swinging arms out and above the head, then back down again.
person was waving with his right arm.
the person is waving at someone with the right hand.
this person is bent forward and moving hands very quickly.
the person gets on the ground, crawls, and gets back up and returns to their original position.
a person doing a spesific moves with legs and hands while doing boxing
a person is walking slowly in zigzag
a person lowers and walks on all fours to the right.
a man lowers his arms, then moves something in front of his face.
a person pull down the hands and start to make a circle
the person takes a swing with the baseball bat
a person walks forward but slowly curves towards the left as they are walking and then stops.
a person is practicing karate moves across the floor
a person sits cross legged then stands up
a person steps up and right in one motion.
a figure walks forward in a zig zag pattern, stepping over something along the way
a person is pushed by their left arm while walking forward.
a person crosses their arms, then has their arms angrily at their sides.
a person does a swinging golf club motion
a person slowly walked forward
a person runs forward quickly, stops on their left foot, then runs in a different direction.
walking from side to side.
person is clasping hands together in a forward and back motion whilst being stood upright
a person tip toeing forward.
a man takes a big swing with his arm.
a man jumps once and then wobbles a little while moving legs apart.
the person is walking forward.
a person walks straifht forward with head bent forward.
the person picks up the bottle of shampoo to wash the dog
a person repeatedly lunges forward and lifts their right armin front of their face.
a person walks backwards and then stops.
person is sprinting to their right
a person stands in place and then steps sideways to the left.
a person punches left, right, and then left again.
a person strolls forward towards the right
a person steps forward with their right foot, then steps with their left foot, does a 180 degree turn to the left on their left foot, steps forward with their right foot and left again.
a man shifts from foot to foot then reaches upward with his right two times in different directions each time.
a figure raises their right hand in a sweeping motion
a man lifts heavy object and places it on a surface.
[from 0s to 5s] a person performs a ballerina balance pose, first on their left leg, before centralising and swapping to their right.
person moves forward six steps then stops
man extends right arm directly in front of him, moves it in front of his body from left to right and back down
a person puts one hand on their hip and the other in the air, then raises and lowers both arms together
a man left steps, then right steps, turns clockwise, left steps, then right steps back full circle.
a  person doing a limping walk, taking proper step with the right foot and limping with the left
person walks to the left of the screen and starts pacing
a man lowers his arms, then looks to his left and right, then moves his head in a circle.
a person does a jumping jack
a red a blue stick figure takes even steps walking forward starting on the right foot.
a person is standing with slightly bent knees, then raises right arm to the side and holds for 8 seconds
he turns left then stops
person is walking while kicking out legs
the sim appears to be standing an object onto their right side.
he lifts dumbblell with two hands
the man walks in a counterclockwise semicircle.
a person feeling the back of their head.
a person stretches out their right arm.
person swings their right arm and then has an injury on the elbow.
a person is pushed hard to their left and they recover into a standing position.
a person lobs tennis balls with their right arm.
a person bent slightly over and picked something up with right hand and turned to right and  shaking item, looks as if is cooking and adding items to a pot of water.
a man walks slowly forwards.
a person appears to be dancing.
the figure takes a few steps forward before pick something up turning around and walking back to where they were and crouching down to pick something up.
a man stands in a squatting position while facing the camera, arms out wide to his left and right, then brings his arms down to his sides, and returns them to their outright position after pausing.
a person is lifting weights
the person is having a discussion.
the person is rotating both of his arms forward.
a person walks forward, leans over an object, then stands back up and walks backward.
a figure boxes right to punch twice.
person walks up the stairs
the person was jogging in place.
a person swings their left arm in a circle forward, then swings it backwards in a circle.
a person raises their right hand to the side of their head.
a person walks forward with exaggerated backward kicks with every step.
a person kneels on both knees then stands into an upright position.
a figure walking in a straight line, swinging their left arm far greater than the right arm.
a person standing and acting like a chicken.
a person walks over and across a beam.
the person is walking backwards and then forwards.
a man takes small steps backwards and forwards, sits cross-legged on the ground, then returns to a standing position.
person walking very slowly towards something
the man is doing jumping jacks
a person swings something with both hands
the man is boxing upwards
a person walks from the left hand side to the right hand side in a waving path and then stops while facing towards the right.
a person performs a typical broadjump.
the person is getting ready to watch tv.
a person raised his hand, and leaned it near to face
a person strafes to the right.
a person walks forward with their left leg limping.
person slides backward to take a seat, drinks something and then puts the cup back
a man slowly sways from side to side, sightly bending his knees.
the person is walking in a counter clockwise circle.
a man walks unsteadily forward then turns around and walks back
the person is cleaning something.
a person jumps forward once.
a person stretches his shoulders and arms with help from the opposite hands
a person slowly walks in a counter-clockwise circle
a man does a push up and then uses his arms to balance himself back to his feet.
a person steps carefully while walking forwards.
a person is clapping his hands.
a figure claps around shoulder height
a person moves side to side in a zig-zag fashion backwards.
person opens something on the middle shelf, takes something from the top puts it on the ground, then takes something from the ground then puts it on middle shelf.
person standing raises right knee upward, then puts foot back down.
a person takes a step then moves their right hand to the left side in a grabbing motion, and then takes a step lower.
a person clas their hands out in front of them, drops them, then repeats.
raising hands above head and stretching.
person is takign something throwing it then backing up.
a standing person holds their right hand out in front of them, palms facing outward, and moves it in swiping motions from side to side and up and down.
a man dodges something to the left, then the right and then the left again.
a person sits down on something and then stands back up
a blind folded person walks around.
a person walks forwards casually.
the person is playing peekaboo.
a person grab with hands something and carries over to the other place
a person clasps their arms after shifting temporarily to the right.
pacing back and forth from left to right.
a person stretches both their arms and holds the right arm up for a while and then stretches both arms again.
figure seen walking in place lazily.
sits down than brushes off knees
a man moves his upper body and then his lower body.
person runs in place, stops, then runs in place again. he crouches down and creeps forward starting with his left foot.
a person sitting down on something
the person was laying  down and then they got up.
person walks forwards casually then stops
a person walks forwards, grabs something with his right hand, and walks backwards
the man is moving his arms
a person walks quickly straight forward.
a person walks forward, raises his right arm in front of him, then lowers his arm and walks backwards.
a person lunges forwards on their left leg, stands, and lunges on their right leg.
the person raises their left foot up to their kinee and then kicks their foot out,  then returns their foot to their knee.
a person side steps to the right and then stands up straight.
a man lifts each knee to his elbow multiple times and then does a squat.
a figure speedily swings its arms first in a clockwise motion then backwards in an anti clockwise motion while slightly facing to the right
the person is sweeping the floor.
a person steps back and sits down, then stands back up again and walks forward
a person facing forward takes a large step to their left, they turn their body to the right while kneeling down and crawl across the floor to the edge of the mat and face forward.
a seated person motions in a "come here" movement with their right arm
the person goes for a short jog
a person walked in a counter-clockwise circle.
person walks backwards quickly, then stops.
this person walks forward, grabs something with his right hand and walks back then repeats it.
a person is crouched down and walking around sneakily.
a person stands still then they throw a football
the man stretches his arms.
a person taking something from a shelf.
the person walked forward and leaned over the table.
the person holds something up to their face.
a person is raising their arms in the air with their legs bent as if lifting weights.
both arms raise to the right, hit throw
figure appears to be urinating
a man swings his arms to pick up a bucket and pour it out.
someone dusts a picture hanging on the wall with a cloth in their right hand, steadies the picture with their left hand, then finishes dusting it, and finally dusts all the way around the sides of the frame.
a person sits down, rests their hands on their knees, and then stands back up.
a person runs forward with one leg crossing in front of the other repetitively before coming to a stop.
jumping up and down.
the person is walking and making a right turn.
a person lunges over and gets back up.
a standing person leans forward and down then back up placing both their hand up infornt of their chest then elaning forward and down
a person lightly kicks something with their right leg.
person is running in place and then stands still
the man stads still twitching his thumbs.
person turns around so their back is facing the front. they then walk forward for a moment before sliding to the right.
a man walks forward then right.
a person is running rapidly.
a person balances on one foot while moving their other, and then switches.
a person waves with its right hand.
a man waves and then beckons with his right hand.
a person picks something up, tilts it, and then places it back.
the person does a couple of small kicks with his left leg
a person is walking in place at a slow pace.
the person swings a golf club.
the man runs back wards
a man walks forward, then squats to pick something up with both hands, stands back up, and resumes walking.
a person waves with his left hand.
a person walks towards the camera.
person is bent down trying to pick up stuff, right arm is moved to the back, picks up more stuff and touches back again while bending down
a man walks forward, then turns around and walks back before facing back and standing still.
man walks forward while upper body is leaning slightly to the right and steps are unbalanced and slow.
a man using both hands to lift something off ground and places it back on ground in a slightly different position
the person walks backwards in a straight line
man walks forward moving hands and neck.
a person walks forward to the right, picks something up and walks back and then shakes what is in the hand.
a man crouches down while quickly walking forward and then stands up straight.
a person walks forward casually with a swagger to their hips.
a person walks up stairs turns right and walks back down stairs.
the person was pushed but did not fall.
man jumps twice in place
a person takes a step forward, moves to theor left, them continues foward with their left hand on a rail.
a person takes a few steps forward then stops
a person boastfully meanders across a room in a confident manner.
shaking legs side to side.
a person walks up some stairs, turns around, and walks back down them.
a person raises their arms high above their head.
a person, walked forward by changing direcion into right and left
person is walking normally in a circle
person slides forward diagonally with left leg.
a person walks forward at a normal speed then turns left and continues to walk
a person slightly bent over with right hand pressing against the air walks forward slowly
the person is picking up something.
kick right leg step back
a person walks away diagonally to his left, picks something up, walks back, and then he again walks diagonally to his left and picks something up.
a person crosses their arms.
the toon has both arms raised at an angle above their head, as to be in the squatting motion for exercise.
the man is doing starjumps
a person stirs something with their right hand
a person rubs their hands together.
a person waves a friendly hello.
a person throws something with their left hand
a person turns to his left and paces back and forth
moving there hands and do like a exericses.
a person while standing still raises his right hand up and down and turns to his right.
pretend to hold a ball in your left hand, toss the ball upward and kick it with your left foot as it falls toward your foot. take steps forward and keep going out of the area.
a person enacting a mime with an invisible barrier in front of them touching with both hands
a man takes a step forward, takes his right arm and moves it left to right then takes a step back.
a person walks forward in a cool manner and does a spin.
a person walks forward then turns to the right.
the person who’s drying the front of their body.
a man walks in counterclockwise direction.
a person is crwoched down with their knees bent, puts their left arm up and down three times.
a man walks in a curve, then a straight line, then doubles back.
a person is spinning and a circle and then kicks his red foot.
person is working on their boxing form
it looks like he is lifting a box on a shelf and grabbing another box to put on shelf as well.
subject is sitting flat on the ground feat straight in front then the subject stands straight up then sits back down with feet straight out in front again
a person slowly kicks with their left leg.
person quickly walks in a  counterclockwise position with shoulders facing back happy
a man sits down and then stays still.
a person walks backward in a clockwise circle
a person jumps up and then lands
he does a salsa dance
someone jumps around, takes four steps and turns back
a man is shadowboxing while standing still.
person stretching the whole left side by lifting the left arm and leaning sideways to the right
a person crosses their arms, then brings their arms back down.
staying still with arms near chest.
the person had his hands up in his rocking back-and-forth.
movin  left hand upward
this person bends forward as if to bow.
a person sits down and applauds.
the person is working on something.
a person is dancing the waltz, going in a clockwise direction with the right arm out.
a man jumps then kicks the air whilst moving to the opposite end of the room.
person raises right arm out to the side.
a person picks up  a heavy object and moves it left.
a person sprinting ahead, and then slowing down.
a man is standing and brings both hands to his face then steps out with right foot and performs a low kick.
moving hands in a random pattern.
a person doing a meditation.
a person throws their hands outwards then back in front of them.
the person is walking forward and then back the other direction.
the figure steps forward then turns slightly left and proceeds to walk in that direction.
bending down and moving hands.
person is walking in us and circles.
the person bent down and dodge something towards the right.
the person is kneeling down on all fours to begin to crawl
the person is walking forward and turn around like a monster
the person is doing a dance move.
the man walks while holding onto the rail.
a person dancing, starting in a t pose, the. turns, continues to dance and finishes with another turn
figure gets down on hands and knees facing right and crawls 3 steps before turning around and crawling to the  left for  4 steps, backs up slightly and stands back up facing forward.
a person lowers their arms to their sides, then stretches them out straight in front of them and parallel to the ground before returning them to their sides.
he stands and wobbles slightly, as if trying to stay steady in the wind
the person is holding their head while walking.
a man sidesteps suddenly to his left, bumps into something and leans over, looks around, then walks to his left, bumping into something else and once more leaning over.
a person stumbles around like they are drunk.
a person walks forward from one end to the other.
the man is running and scrambling
the person was walking forward slowly.
person is walking forward.
a person does a threatening crouching walk and then raises their arms.
a person jogging in place.
the figure raises its right arm and makes reaching motions as if grabbing for something, and then extends its arms twice.
a person walking in a diagonal line.
a person standing straight ,holding hands .
a person walks forward while making small adjustments right and left
this person ducks under something then climbs up and over it.
a person who is standing with his arms away from his sides, raises his arms, leans right and swings his left arm above his head two times.
a person runs forward in a non-linear way.
a man is walking forward
a person is dancing and starts to take a drink with their right hand.
the person is picking something up and putting it on something.
a person stirs with the left hand.
this person zig zags forward then stops to the left.
a person jogs in place
a person uses their left arm to scratch their head.
the man takes a step and picks up 3 things takes a few more steps and places one thing on the table then turns around to head back.
a person is walking foward.
walking to the side then sitting down and walking back.
a man takes several steps backwards.
a person raises both hands and places them in front of themselves
person steps forward and bends both knees and bends body forward to put something on ground
a person walks forward, turns and then sits on a chair.
a person delivers pizza, receives money, then waves goodbye
a person sits and moves their right arm
the person is jogging in place.
a person walks forwards, sits.
the person is trying to talk with his hands.
a person reaches his right arm straight out
a figure jumps a few times clockwise, then quickly turns counterclockwise with one big twisting jump, then stumbles backward upon landing.
a person takes seven steps to the right in a circular motion.
a person leans forward with their left hand as if to pick something up, walks to the right, turns left, and leans to pick something up again, then moves left arm as if to wipe something.
a person doges to the right, then doges to the left.
a person moves their left hand; right, left, up and down.
figure appears to be lifting up a paper and reading it
a person slowly walked forward and sat on something
[from:to(0:3s)] a person dodges something to his right, before squatting down.
a person walks forward and bends down and grabs his right knee in pain. he attempts to straighten up and walk forward and then bends down to grab his knee again. he then walks backward to his right.
a person first waves both their right and left hands at the same time and after kicks his left foot to his left.
a person brings their left arm up and bends their elbow so it is across their stomach.
a person shakes arms to lossen up then walks backwads, then moves forward with the left arm in a swiming motion
a person swings their left arm over their head as if they were spiking a volleyball.
he balances on his left foot and similarly flaps his arms to that of a large bird taking off
a person hops on their right foot then their left
the man puts the box down and runs
a person standing up throws something forward from above their head, then throws something again forward from above their head with more force which makes them take one step forward with their left foot.
a person is bent over with their arms around a dog.  they bounce around, let the dog stand up and pet it.  they let the dog sit down, look around, and lift the dog up momentarily before putting him back down to their original position.
a person takes small steps while holding something in both of their arms angled down towards the ground
a person hustles down a short flight of steps before coming to a stop.
the person stand and touch the head.
a person jumps up into the air, turns his body three quarters of the way around and lands on his feet.
a person stands at the edge of a cliff trying to steel themselves for a jump, but failing to jump off.
a person moves their arms in a strange manner.
a person is holding something in front of them and swings to the left.
person moves forward two steps then does a full turn and faces opposite direction
a person starts with their arms at waist height then moves slightly right and left.
a person walks forward quickly and leaves a trail behind them as if they are dripping paint
a man bends over and puts his hands on the ground and is on all fours
a figure uses a rail or bannister to support itself as it climbs up stairs
the body slides to the right.
a person slowly walks down some stairs.
place items in a line up
a person climbs up some ladders
moving hands and jumping.
the person was laying down on their back.
a person giving a round of applause
a person walks straight and turns to the left
a man walks in a circle.
a person walks forward quickly and then stops
a standing man loses a little bit of balance and his upper body leans and shakes toward his right.
a person waves both arms in the air.
a person is washing a window
a man steps back, picks something up and put it to his head and then puts it back.
a person wwalked by making the circle
a person runs on the spot.
subject kicks out left leg.
a person paces back and forth in a small space
walking backwards and then stopping.
a person in a sitting position wiggles around while remaining in that position.
a person raised the hand and start to make some pushs
a person throws punches, one with his left hand and four with his right hand.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle.
a person turns to their right while leaping forward.
person down on hands and knees stands up
man reaches down to the right as to pick up item and then reaches to the left as if emptying item then replaces it to the right.
a person picks something up on the right and sets it down on the left.
a standing man leans down to a kneeled position with his right knee contacting the ground and his left leg planted foot down. the man then stands up.
a person is doing jumping jacks.
a person puts their hands on their hips then checks the time on their right wrist.
person is waving hands around.
a person takes one large step forward.
a person plays the guitar, strumming with their right hand.
a person with arms stretched straight out brings both hands to crotch, then returns to original position
the left hand flings forward to the right side, the right hand meets the left hand, and is drag back left the shoulder.
through some thing and chash some thing.
a man stands and raises his hands and moves them in circular motions,walks foward and turns clockwise in a c sha
a person raises his left arm to drink something.
the person is walking slowly like a monster.
a person turns around and walks forward to the other end while leaning a bit from side to side and then turns around again.
a person walks backwards, then turns around then walks backwards again.
a ballerina is bringing the leg forward then taking a bow.
a person walks forward and then pulls something behind them.
a person putting their hands to there face
moving forward and backward finally come on the same place.
a person holds something above, and swings.
a walking man bumps something with his left leg then turns and walks in another direction.
a person stands with elbows bent and leans to the left at the waist oh, then to the right. then the person swings from the left to the right with arms outstretched.
a person walks forward, takes large step with left leg then slowly walks back to the right.
a person walks quickly sideways leading with left leg.
a person sitting on the floor scratches their head and then leans back on their right hand.
man walking in a circle to his left (counterclockwise)
a man stretches his arms up with his hands touching, then stretches his arms to the sides towards right, shrugs, and then stretches arms up again.
the person raises their left arm and brings their hand to their face.
a person leans forward and uses sweeping motion, sweeping from person's right to left
a person stretches their hips, then arms, then bends forwards and steps forwards.
a person pick up something with his right hand and with his left hand he is patting it.
a person moves to the right side and then to the left side, then stops
a person who is jumping around with one leg but alternating the legs every jump
a person lunges forward bending their right knee and elbow.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides takes one small step backwards and resumes his original stance.
a person, standing, raises his left hand as if to check his watch and then lowers his hand back to his side.
a person stands with arms out partway to each side, lifts his left leg, swings it forward briefly, then sweeps it in a semicircle behind him before moving it forward and standing again; he then repeats the action.
a person raised the hands and pull it down
a man stands on the ground and lifts his left hand for a moment above the shoulder and then puts it down.
and individual standing sideways raises it’s arms at shiulder hight twistinf torso first to right thrn to left
a person holds their arms out to their side and lifts their left leg off the floor to balance on their right leg
the person was holding the left side of his head.
a man reaches his left hand out to his left the times before returning it to in front of him.
person swings left arm as if pitching a ball to the right.
a man steps to the right steps in a small counterclockwise circle throws right arm then steps in a larger backward counterclockwise circle
a person side stepping to their left, then side stepping to their right, and back again.
this person walks forward and picks something up then walks back.
a person walks forward and stops
a person sits their motion stutters
a person crawls on hands and knees forward, stands up with side showing.
the sim is lifting a dumbbell with their left arm.
drunk walking animation turning around
the figure stays put but moves arms upward.
a person lightly kicks an object on the ground
the person is hand mixing dough to bake something
the person is walking fast to the left.
a person, slowly walked forward, and after made circle with left hand
the person looks as if they are strumming a guitar
person is walking back and forth
moving arms up and down.
the toon walks forward a few steps, then turns around walking back.
person stands with arms outstretched then walks diagonally two steps to their left and sits down on a chair
a person is sitting down and turning a steering wheel.
a person slowly paces back and forth.
a person is walking forward.
jumping up in place.
a person does a small jump
a person walks on a beam, loses his balance and fall off to his left.
a man walks foward ,makes a u turn to the left side ,walks and then stops.
a person sways to the left.
a person is clapping their hands together
a peraon walking makes a left turn.
a person throws something with their left hand.
a person turns around and looks to the right.
a person is standing and moves arms in a way that looks like they are picking something up and taking a drink or a bite
someone running forward, moving forward
person backed up and is doing a salute
a person side steps to the left 3 times then to the right 3 times then to the left once more to end where they started.
the person is walking around.
a person jumps up and down once.
a person walks forward up stairs
a person kicks their left leg up twice while hopping between feet, then punches their left arm
a person stands while moving their left arm as if eating something with a spoon or fork three times.
the person is moving from side to side.
a person standing in place raises both arms to the side raising them above eye level.
the man is moving both arms awkwardly
a person shifts from foot to foot several times.
a person walks forward, picks something up, sets it down on something a little higher, turns around and walks back.
a person waves their arms over their heads.
a stick figure jumps side ways.
a person steps their right leg forward and throws their arms downwards 3 times
a person uses their left hands to move their left foot to rest against the last leg in a yoga pose, then repeats the same motion with the right leg.
a person does a jumping jack in place.
a person side steps to the left and then to the right
a man is crab walking backwards and then rolls to the right.
man walks in a counterclockwise circle, with his arms at his sides at all times.
a person walks very slowly forward.
someone execures a roundhouse kick with their right foot.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle and raises their hand to their face to yawn.
figure does a quick small jump and then walks fowardsd and then stops.
a man sits down with crossed legs then gets up
a man swings his left arm back repeatedly.
a person bends at the waist, picks something up, then puts it down at waist level
a man jumps forward with his arms at his sides.
the toon is walking in a zig zag motion, shuffling a bit at the end of the "plane".
the person was sliding from left to right.
an off balance intoxicated man gestures at another person to the right. seemingly in an argument.
a person holds their right foot, then bends down to hold it before standing up to balance on one foot.
person walks forward, turns and walks back
a person who is standing with his arms held head high lifts his arms above his head, twice.
a person walks diagonally forward
a person walks backwards on their toes.
a person flaps their arms like a chicken.
a person jumps up and down on both feet while circling both arms forward in time with the jumps.
a person jumps in the air, then abruptly stumbles to his right as if he had been pushed, and finally he regains his balance.
a person swings its right arm upwards.
user takes a couple steps forwards then precedes to turn around pivoting on left foot
a person walks up and tosses something.
the person  is doing an exercise warm up.
a person drive a car
a person takes one large step backwards.
a person is doing jumping jacks.
a person raises his left arm and then lowers it.
the person fills the glass with water then pours it into the plant pot
a person slowly jumped forward
a person carefully sits down on the ground and crosses their legs.
a hunched individual slowly wobbles forward in a drunken manner.
the man in a fighting stance turns around to the left.
a person eagerly practicing karate.
a person who is warming up their arms and legs
someone is walking forward and holding a handrail very carefully, as if they are afraid of falling.
a person clasps its arms together then goes back to standing position with arms hanging.
man turn left hand inward and outward the reach to the right with both hands bring both back to the center and then right hand flip back and forth to rest in center.
a person raises their right arm above their head and stretches to the left.
a person picks something up with his left hand and bring it up to his face
a person rocks back and forth slightly in an intimidating stance.
person walks for swings around on their list food then walks back to where they started.
the person is walking slowly forward.
a person bends over to begin charging forward, turns around with arms raised, and charges back to original position.
a person marches forward, turns around, and then marches back.
standing forward, hands are at the side moving toward sides of the head and back down while the legs are slightly jumping outwards. creating a jumping jack.
a person throws something with left arm, leaves left arm up.
a person slowly walks forward.
a person crosses both right and left arms in front of their chest.
a man lifts something with his hands, and then places it back.
the person is warming up their wrists and ankles.
the person is preforming a swimming stroke know as the butterfly stroke.  the arms swing from behind the head and reenter the water propelling the person forward.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides takes four very slow steps forward.
a person jogs forward for several seconds.
this person waves off as if joking.
a person throws an object with his left arm
a person raises their hands and brings them closer to their face then lowers them
a person makes tiny steps in place with their hands over their head.
a person rests their hands on their knees while squatting.
a person walks forward and then turns to the right to walk away.
person is hunched over creeping diagonally down.
a person who seems to throw or hit something
a person steps forward, plants their left foot and spins, walking back to where they started.
someone steps back with their left foot and then sits down while placing his hands on his knees with elbows out.
a person stands with their knees slightly bent and their hands pulled toward their chest, twists to one side then the other side, squats further, and stands back up.
a person stands still with his arms as his side, and he rotates his head around while keeping his body motionless.
a person slowly walked forward after in right direction
a man is stretching the right leg while bending to the left.
a person begins walking forward first with their right foot, taking wide awkward steps as if they are stepping around or over something; begins walking towards the left and then slowly continues to walk to the right, then continues to walk towards the left coming to a stop off to the left side.
a person walks slowly towards the left while slowly raising a hand and then walking backwards.
person went around to sit on chair.
a man holds his fingers close together. he brings his left up to his head, as though taking a phone call, then brings his fingers back together and fiddles with them, bobbing his head.
a person marches forward and to the right.
moving arms above head.
a person walks forward then turns around to walk back.
a person sits down, stands up, and jumps in place.
a man kicks something or someone with his right leg.
the person did a kick spin to the left
the man walks back and forth putting something on a shelf.
someone gets up from the floor, seems to be talking on the phone and starts to walk
a person appears to be pushing against a wall.
the person is doing arm exercises like a windmill.
person walks forward several paces, stops and then does a little jump.
move the both the hand and after hold the legs.
a person walks forward and then up stairs
the person makes a left turn.
the man is throwing his left hand
a person drops their hands then brings them together in front of their face clasped.
the person is holding his left hand over his head.
a person slowly walked forward in left direction
person dancing back and forth and then raising both legs
walking in a diagonal line then standing.
a person stretches their arms to both sides and then walks forward.
a person is standing still, then walks forward and kicks something on the floor with his left foot
a person crosses their arms then drops them.
a figure elegantly stretches, slowly, with their arms extended and left leg extended
a person quickly runs foward.
a person seeming to be sitting down and reaching over seeming to be taking a drink and sipping from it.
person walks forwards straight while stumbling
a person runs, hesitates, then runs again.
a person runs down to our right, stops for a second, then continues to run.
a person walks forward, then turns to the left, then continues to walk forward.
a person walks forward then turns completely around and does a cartwheel.
the person kicks a ball with their right foot, their arms raised to a t-pose as they do so.
a person walks down a hill and places a box on the ground.
a person stands still and then bounces their hand as if playing with a yo-yo
a man kicks with his left leg and then kicks with his right leg.
a person is making rapid up and down, and side to side motions with their left arm, by bending it at the elbow.
person has arms crossing.
a person squats to lift something up then struggles to carry and put it down.
a person waves with their left hand
this person is stretching with right arm raised high.
excited person starts with arms out and bounces from one foot to the other while clapping.
a man kicks the air in front of him, holding his arms up to guard his face.
a person touches toward his pelvis, then extends hand and raises it.
a person sweeping the floor
a man steps forward and does a handstand.
the person is running back-and-forth in a crescent shape
walking backwards and then sitting.
person walks forward, stumbles back, and continues forward
person runs in a zigzag motion and ducks under an invisible object hlfway through then returns to full height.
a person marches forward aggressively than turns around and does the same.
a person stumbles forward and back almost falling over.
a person is using his right arm moving it up and down leaving his elbow still.
a person jumps forward over something.
character lowers right hand then waves left hand in the air.
a person raises their left hand to their face.
walking to the side then the other.
a person is throwing and catching a ball.
a person bounces on their feet.
cheerfully walking forward with each step.
someone kick twice doing karate
a person is standing and performing arm bicep curls by lifting their hands towards their shoulder in a squeezing manner.
a person confidently walks down an aisle while stretching/loosening up their arm.
a man climbs up and seems to be putting something away with both hands
a man walks forward while swaying his feet in a zig-zag path.
a man is walking in a large clockwise circle.
a person walks in a curved line.
a person shields themselves with their right arm.
a person bounce sup and down on the balls of their feet.
a man hops on his left leg five times, makes a small jump, then steps forward into a strong push with both hands. he then returns to the starting position.
a person walks in a counter counterclockwise circle and turns around to look after possibly tripping over something.
a man drinks from a bottle using his right hand.
a person points forward with their left hand.
a man squats and walks forward.
a person raised the left hand, and moved it left and right direction and after raised both hands
a man repeatedly uses his left arm to reach for something slightly in front of him, back again, then looks to be stirring something.
a person walks forward while lifting their hands awkwardly.
a person stands still and raises their arms in basketball signal motions.
a person walks quickly and intentionally in a zig-zag pattern forward.
a figure walks upstairs without a handrail.
person stretches arms out and makes arm circles.
a person standing with arms wide open while spinning his/her hand in a circular motion while waving it. he/she then moves his elbow in a circular motion and then moving his waist in a circular motion and then kicking with his/her right and left foot.
perso is keeping water out of their face while swimming .
a person bounces up and down on their toes with their arms bouncing along loosely by their sides.
a person is sitting and puts their right hand to their head, and their left foot up on their right knee.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle swaying one arm and keeping the other arm still
person is motioning their hands.
a person walks around in a circle.
the sim walks down the plane in a wobbly fashion.
person brings left elbow to right knee, then right elbow to left knee, stands straight then bends at the knees a few times.
a person walks forward, spins on their foot, and walks back
a person walks from side to side with their arms hanging loosely.
the person walks backwards in a slight zig zag.
the person is walking forward using both their right and left hand for balance. their right and left hand are pressing down on something to help them walk. they put their left foot directly in front of the right and then the right directly in front of the left they stop walking and stand
a person jogs diagonally to his left and then slows down to a walk.
the man is moving his right arm
a man walks forward before stopping.
the person is doing an exercise warm up.
someone carefully looks behind them while backing up, then uses both hands to dip into a slight sitting motion.
the person is walking to the right like a robot.
the man lowers his arms and looks around in a circle motion.
walking backwards and stopping.
someone nervously pacing around in a circle
a person walks up to shake with their left hand, turns slightly left to shake again, and turns left again to shake for a final time.
outstretched arms to sides are lowered, raised, bent at the elbows several times, then lowered by sides.
a person squats several times while lifting dumbbells.
a person picking something up from the right and then placing it left
a person is doing a dance.
a person turns steering wheel with both hands.
a man walks forward and then turns around and walks in the opposite direction.
a person casually struts in a counterclockwise oval almost back to their original position, swinging their arms lightly at their side as they walk.
a person is walking forwards, but stumbles and steps back, then carries on forward.
a person pivots to the right twice with his left foot planted.
a person stands in place while flexing both biceps.
a person side steps to the right for a few steps.
he walks while holding onto a handrail.
a person walks forward unbalanced and almost falls over.
a man does a dance, shuffles backward, and dances again.
the person takes a step and waves his left hand back and forth
a person aggressively grabbing holding something before drinking it.
a person stands up straight from a bent over position, touches his head with his right arm, then bends his torso to the left and swings forward with his arms dangling in front of him. i
a man walks towards the left.
a person holds their left arm out on something to support them while sticking their left leg up to balance.
a person is jogging on a treadmill
a man gets up from the ground pushing off with his right hand then walks in a counter counterclockwise circle back to where he began then lays down flat on the ground on his back.
a person takes a large hop forward with both legs.
a person uses left arm to hit down to the right and then the right arm crosses over the left side of the body.
a person walking in a crouched over position
sitting down and crossing legs then sitting on the floor.
a figure steps backward slowly and carefully
left arm extended out from body at a 90 degree angle and rotated circular both counterclockwise and counter counterclockwise
a person walks forward and then walks up some steps.
a person turns around and walks forward picking things up from the ground then turns around at their destination.
a person walks forward, bends over, picks up an object with both hands, then turns around and walks back with the object.
a person slowly walks backwards.
a person walks backwards at a moderate pace.
the person is holding an object and then throws it with their left hand.
a person takes a step forward, pivots on their right foot and turns 180 degrees and walks back to where they started, but facing the opposite direction
a man walks to the side, and then circles back around. only one arm is swinging.
a person is walking forward
the toon has their both arms up & extending in a "dancing" position, while moving forwards then backwards.
a person walked forward in right direction adn jumped
walking forward while waving.
a person takes a step forward then shuffles to the right. they take a step back and shuffle to the left. they do both motions again, then turn to the left before taking a step forward.
a person is walking slowly forward.
the guy lunges forward just a bit and the video ends.
a person walks forward  to bow then place hands on shoulders of other person and bows again.
a figure raises a weight in front of themself.
a man paces back and forth.
trips backwards slightly while leading with left foot.
person reaches out with right hand as if to grab something, then brings both hands up together in front of the chest.
a person is bent forward with arms dangling in front of them
walking forward and then back.
a person walks forward and stumbles a bit
a man walks forward and takes two steps, turns counterclockwise and then goesni to a sitting position from standing.
a person takes their hands from their side places them above their shoulders and then places them back at their side
a man is doing jumping jacks.
a person slowly walked forward
a person walks forward in a straight line over an object
a person throws things to the left; first something underhand, then something overhand, and then something very far.
person walks slowly forward with arms at sides.
a person walks backwards to the left, then turns around and walks backward to the left.
a person walks forward then climbs up something.
someone sees something on the ground the they move slowly away from
a person walks forward while being assisted by hand rails.
a person picks something up, rubs it and puts it back down.
a person grabbed the body and start to do some jesture
a person stretches their back by turning their arms.
a figure walks and spins on their heel.
this person side wide to the right while looking around carefuly.
a person walks forward, spins left, and walks back.
a person jogs on the spot
a man squats deeply three times while raising both arms in the air as if holding a dumbell.
a person uses the right arm to demonstrate throwing an object in front of them
a person slowly paces forward.
a person leaning forward slightly holding one wrist with the other hand slight sway in upper torso
the person walks forward with right foot first then stops.
person walks with both arms straight forward
a person kneels down firstly on his left, then his right.
a person walking forward slightly to the left
person appears to be running in straight line then jumps over something and continues running.
a person wlowly walked by making the circle
a man stands prepared and aware, then suddenly takes an abrupt step backwards and regains his ready stance.
a person walks in clockwise direction dragging his right feet.
standing person raises left leg and both arms, turns slightly to the right, then returns to original standing position.
a person walks in a curve to their left.
a person who has his arms raised head high raises his arms above his head and lowers them three times.
a person holds their arms near their face and searches left and right.
a person takes in big steps in a hurry walking into the rectangular area while hands are dangling and swinging.
a person walks in a circle
from a standing position, the person slowly walks in a circle, clockwise, and then stops
person moves to side and climbs some steps
a person lowers their arms, gets onto all fours, and crawls
a person begins to walk forward up the stairs
the subject took a step back leading with the left leg in a counterclockwise semi-motion. it then put its hand out as if to shake hands to give a handshake putting the alternate hand on top of the first so shaking with both hands. the subject then pivoted their body towards the left taking another step while doing so in order to shake another hand, this time with just the one.
a person winds up his arm and then pitches a ball.
a person swift the upper codre body, and start to stretch it
the person took a large side step to the left.
losing balance, moving backwards with both feet.
a person swing with the legs and dance
person is walking wobbling forward.
the person is jogging around.
a person raises their left arm and then bends to touch the floor in fromt of them, they repeat this motion twice.
a man makes two spartan kicks, followed by two medium high kicks.
a person is standing and jumps backward.
the person is walking in a counter counterclockwise circle.
a person makes a "fast break" motion, zig-zagging briefly from right to left then darting forward to the left.
a person slowly walked forward
the  person was walking very fast.
a person steps to the left and sits down, then stands back up and moves back.
the person is standing with arms by their side
sitting down crisscrossed, the left arm chucks forward and chucks forward again.
a person is standing still while waving his left hand.
the person is holding his head because he feels dizzy.
a person standing scratches his head with his left hand and then lowers his hand back down.
the person is getting ready to place the football for a kick off.
a person is holding its head with its left hand, then sets it down, then holds its head with both hand.
a figure steps backward cockily, swinging their arms
person is leaving in a circular motion.
a man swings a golf club and hits the ball
a person walks backward in a small zig zag
person walks to pick something up then walks back to wipe something with it.
a figure leans on its right leg, spine arched in an agressive posture slightly swaying its shoulders
a walking person suddenly gets staggered to their right, then recovers.
the person is walking and turning right.
a man picks something up with his right hand and mixes it and then steps back.
a person casually takes one step back.
person pick some thing up on the right and moved it to the left.
a man backs up, leading with his right foot.
person walks straight back leading with right leg
moving the hands and work some thing.
a person runs and then jumps
a person walks diagonally right to left five paces in a karate fighting like motion then they take one step backwards.
a person puts their right hand up by their head
the person is standing on his right foot bending his left knee.
a person with a wide stance repeatedly lash out with each hand at something in front of them.
a person walks forward and kicks their leg out while turning around.
figure appears to be walking back and forth
a person picks up something on the ground on his right side he picks it up to eye level and inspects it then puts it back on the floor to the right side
a person raises something to the the side of their face using their left hand.
a person is swinging a tennis racket.
takes a step forward while left hand goes above the right hand in a circle motion and vice versa , then the left hand goes towards the head, and back down.
a person raises his left arm and then waves at someone.
with arms out to the sides a person walks forward
a person gets pushed to their left.
a man walks in a counterclockwise circle.
the person was moving his arms around like he was drunk.
a person walks unbalanced as if they are on a tight rope.
a person tries to screw something large into place.
the person is walking back-and-forth in an s shape.
a person walks, speeds up, and jumps.
person appears to wipe some thing with their left hand.
a person quickly walks forward.
running forward taking a left turn then running to the right
the person is doing arm gestures.
a person steps forward and reaches down to grab or place something with their right hand.
a person is sitting down with both hands up, and moves his left hand up
the person was pushed but didnt fall
a person doing air kicks with his left feet.
a person walks forward then stops.
a person seems to be in a fighting stance and moving around a ring.
a person jogs forward and begins to slow down.
a man is standing still, puts his hands together and behind his back, then proceeds to lunge his hands forwards, as if he is fishing, then brings them back in
a person taps his left hand in the air twice. they then make a rowing movement on each side of their body and then outline a cloud infront of them
a person squats to almost parallel then jumps to the horizontally to the right.
the man is dancing around.
a figure walks forward lightly kicking one foot out
a person, standing still with their arms at their sides, seems to wince/twitch, then continues standing.
a person throws something.
a person walks and then puts both arms out while bowing.
the person is making an arm and hand gesture.
starting from their right foot in the air, person stands ready with fists up then takes two swings with their left hand downward then two more high and to their left and finally two rights downward mirroring the lefts from before.
a man walks around in a counterclockwise circle.
a figure does jumping jacks
a person standing in a t pose, then proceeds to spin the left arm counterclockwise and then anti-clock wise ; then switches arms
a person walking like a bird and then sniffing the air.
the person walked towards someone taking 4 steps
a person glides in circles in a clockwise.
a person stands, waving back and forth with one arm.
a person is sitting with both hands together.
a person raises the arm and waves multiple times.
a person continuously jogs counter counterclockwise.
person clasps both hands together then waves arms to side then goes down on left knee bent over ties something on feet then gets up
a man walks forward in a straight line.
person moves right then raises left arm then raises right arm then rasies both arms forward then raises right arm
a man wobbles while walking forward.
a person bends forward at the waist, walking forward and flapping hands back and forth behind their body.
this person reaches right with both hands.
user is pointing with right hand in multiple directions
a person walks forward and then appears to bump into something, then continues walking forward.
the person is cleaning up some thing
a man walks forward turns to the right and then walks back in the direct he came.
a shorter figure jumps and high fives someone taller than him out of excitement
a person puts their hands over their face.
the person moves backwards as if pushed by someone in front of them.
a person walks with a slightly angled direction, and smooth hip motion.
a man walks from left to right and then moves hips.
person uses left hand to hold and moves an item in a circular motion then grabs something with right hand and moves item in circular motion in front of them again
a person walks up four steps with their hands by their sides and their lean forward slightly as they go up the stairs and once they've stopped going up the stairs, they straighten up again
a person abruptly stumbles forward and regains his balance as if he had been pushed from behind.
the man slowly walks forward and then suddenly turned right.
a person stands relaxed seems to observe something
a person stretching both arms.
a person kicks their left foot in front of them in a dangling motion and then puts it back on the ground.
a person jumps to his right.
the figure is standing facing forward, holding and exercising what can be a dumbbell.
a man pats himself on the head
a person walks down some stairs.
from a standing postion, the person puts both hands out in front of them, foot forward, as if to ward something off, before returing to a standing position
moving arms up and down near face.
a man is walking forward stumbles and goes to the ground and get back up.
a person walks forward and raises their arms in victory.
a person steps forward and reaches out with their left hand to pick up an object that is at their waist level. they raise it to their mouth and take a sip, then put the object down.
a person with his/her arms on his/her side while jumping with his/her legs a few times.
a person lifts their arm up twice doing a bicep curl
a person throws with left hand.
a person is dancing with expressive arm movement and then jumps forward
a person kneeling on the ground gets up.
a person squats down, then stands back up and holds their arms out.
a person turns left while walking then stops
a person bends at the waist, outstretching both arms to reach to the left, then the right, then straight in front of them
using his right hand he smacks his left arm bicep.
a person picks something up with their left hand and walks forward.
a person walks diagonally from upper right to lower left across the path.
a man steps forward and then crosses his arms.
a person quickly walks forward.
a person throws an object with their red hand while taking a step back with their red leg for extra momentum
a person runs forward and stops short.
a person opens a door and appears to be swimming.
a man dances rhythmically from side to side and then turns
the person is standing there.
person jogs forwards while turning slightly to the left.
the man turns right calmly
a man steps back and shields his face with both of his hands.
a person starts walking then starts leaping counterclockwise
a man walks around in a circle counterclockwise.
a person walks clockwise in a large curve while swinging their arms.
moving hands from side to side above head.
a person warming up by swinging back and arms around.
looks like he walks through a door to turn to the left and go straight forward
person walks in a semi circular shape while swinging arms slightly.
the man does a wavelike dance using his arms and slightly sways.
a person is lifting their left arm waving his hand then raising it above his shoulder while swaying back and forth.
this person is sitting and moving his left arm as if to eat.
a person walking around bouncing a ball.
a person lifts something up and to the side to look under it and puts the item back down.
person prepares food on a kitchen worktop.
the person watch forward and is leaning over some thing.
a person holds their hands together in front of themself.
a person flaps their arms quickly like a chicken.
a person dances with someone.
a person walking and helping maintain their balance and support,  from holding onto a side rail or wall.
a person quickly runs straight forward, then bends down and picks up something with both hands.
person is acting like a human monkey.
a man rope skipping and then remove the footwear and then rope skip again
a person getting shade from arm
a person steps forward and kicks aggressively with their left leg, then quickly squats and jumps.
a person raises their right hand above their head and motions downward. as if throwing an object toward the ground
a person steps forward then spins around with arms outstretched.
moving hands to knees.
a person is walkinf slow in a straight line
he tries to clean the floor
the person walks up a ramp.
a person opens and drinks from a container.
a man stands with his legs parted and slowly rotates his upper torso a few times, then starts to rotate his hips.
a person moves sideways to the right and then sideways back to the left and then one more step to the right.
person is doing across punch to the left.
a person turns around and walks and then turns around again
a man lifts his hands up in front his face and turns to his left, and then his right, and puts his hands back down.
person is getting into a crouch position.
a person is bent head over toes jumping and throwing arms wildly.
person person is planting vegetables.
a person shuffles to the right, then to the left, then back to the right.
a man lowers his arms and places his hands on his knees.
a figure seems to gesture contritely or sincerely with their right hand as though entreating someone
the person ran forward to kick a soccer ball.
person is walking backwards with their toes bent .
person leans forward goes onto knees whilst first putting right hand on ground for support and stays on knees
the person is respectfully taking a knee for blm
a man beginning with his left leg slides to the left side.
person moves i a clockwise direction in a circle by sprinting
a person swam in free style
sit on the floor and through some thing.
a person walks forward, picks something up, then walks back and puts it down.
the man moves to his left
a person walks forward and to the side, before stopping.
this person is walking in circles then moves across room to step around an object.
someone walks forward at a curve to their right.
a person waves with both arms above head.
someone being pushed back a few steps
a person is pitching a baseball.
a person waves with their left hand, then waves with their right.
a figure seems to jog on a treadmill
a person walking to the left and then to the right and then to the middle
the person was reaching to the left to pass something to the right.
a person standing up and greeting someone with a respectful hand to forehead gesture.
a man takes two steps forward and turns back
a person takes one step to the right, then takes multiple steps to the left.
a person runs forward and jumps over something, then turns around and jumps back over it.
a person slowly walks forward and then stops.
the person is dribbling a basketball backwards
a person pushes forward with one hand.
a person takes a step to the right then swings their left arm
the person lifts his left hand up and puts it back down.
a person runs fast diagonal.
person steps right forward pivots on leg and turns around walks back and faces other direction
a person is standing and steps backwards.
person picks up something on their right side and moves it to their left side
the person takes a big step right with its red leg.
a person walks around obstacles.
the man walks and turns left
a person takes a small hop forward.
the person is stepping on something.
a person squats down to the ground, picks up a box, then stands back up, and places the box on a higher surface.
said person walked over and sit down
the person is walking knees down line crawling.
person walks up something towards hit left hand side.
a man opens something and rubs it under his arms.
a person walking slowly forward
a person is startled from behind.
a person lifts his right hand to his face.
a man wiggles his left foot, then his right foot and moves his hands around each other in a circular motion.
a person with raises their hands in front of them, the squats.
a person jogs for a few steps, then slows to a walk for a few more steps.
standing in place then walking forward.
the man is pushing his right
someone is sliding an object to the right
a person swings their left arm, then motions with their left arm
a person walks down stairs holding on to something on the left.
a person walking straight forward.
someone puts both of their hands on their chests and appears to be laughing. then waves their left hand.
a person walks turning to the right.
a person walks in a curve, looks around, then continues walking.
a person performs three jumping jacks.
the drunk guy struggles to walk down the street
a person walks while touching something with his right hand.
the person tries to stable themselves standing still but takes a step forward after losing balance
a man walks shakily for a word slightly bent at the waist, with arms raised above his head and them flopping loosely.
a person walks straight forward.
a person is walking, turns back and to their right, proceeds to walk again, trips, then turns back once more, limping now.
a person is walking in a stumbling motion and puts up one of his hands.
a person kicking right leg and then kicking left out in front of them.
the person pick something up and tilted it onto the left.
a person kneels down, crawls forward, and turns around
a person holds both their hands up as if to look at something closely.
a person does a drumming movement with both hands.
a person standing in a square, walks forward in a diagonal pattern.
the man is using his arms and legs to propel him self forward in a running fashion.
a man stands with arms on the side, leans to the left and moves one step to the left.
a person vaults over an obstacle.
a person bends down, picks something up, sticks it in the ground and rotates it.
someone is climbing a ladder,  they walk up 3 steps and then back down.
the person is looking at an accident.
the person was taking a right drive and then to the left.
a figure repeatedly turns towards the left hand side
person bends  over to grab something and acts like they are fighting off other people from grabbing the thing.
a person thats walking backwards
stick man walking straightforward in wobbling position maybe taking a dui test.
a person doing jumping jacks and then running on the spot
the sim is standing still before extending their left arm up.
person is sitting down scratching head i think.
a person swing both arms in various ways
person is making stepping motion in place
a man walks counterclockwise in a circle
this person dribbles with his left hand and shoots.
a person in a defensive pose leans left then right.
a person grabbed something and throw it away
the man take 4 excited steps forward.
man runs right from the middle, then all the way left, then back right and stops at the middle
the person walks across the area, picks something up and then starts to move its arm as if to make a scrubbing motion.
a person walks forward slowly
a person shoves their arms out in an angry fashion.
person moves forward and extends the left leg and kicks something to the front
a person kneels down onto all fours, crawls towards the left, and then stands back up
a person walks in a counter counterclockwise circle at a normal pace.
a person appears to be doing a dance.
the person tripped over his foot.
someone getting into position to start catching and tossing an object.
a person holds the violin with right hand, and plays with the left hand
the person walks down a series of stairs.
a person stands up, walks in a circle, and sits back down.
the person is waving and hands up.
a man walks forwards at medium pace with his arms swawing gently.
a man walks forward; left, right, left, right, left, right, moving three paces.
a man walks forward sits in a chair then with his left hand.
a person walks forward one foot in front of another
a person sits down then uses right arm to push up.
someone completes a full jumping jack before stopping.
the figure is walking in a counter counterclockwise motion slowly.
person sits on floor with legs crossed
a person walks forward and turns counterclockwise, then grabs their knee in pain before continuing ahead and turning counterclockwise again.
a person is walking around the room.
a man walks forward 7 paces while his arms swing.
a man gets on all fours and crawls around and gets back up.
a person walks forward 4 steps.
a person laying face down on the ground and then slowly crawling backwards
the person is trying to hit a bug.
person walks seven steps from centre back to slightly left of centre
a person taking a huge diagonal step
a person has both hands on his legs.
person lunges forward with right foot first repeatedly
person walks forward in slow manner
a person waalks forward and appears to pour two items into a bowl.
a person walks forward and upward.
the man picks up a brushes nd brushes someone's hair then puts the brush back down.
man moves his left hand to cover his groin.
a person steps to the right sideways.
the person is walking forward.
man walks in a circular motion then stops left before completing the circle.
the person was pushed backwards but did not fall.
a person does jumping jacks.
a person bends to his right several times while stretching his left arm over his head.
a figure walks confidently forward then raises their hand as if to access a door nob
the person slides to their left 3 times, slides to their right 4 times, and slides to their right 2 times, ending at their original position.
the person puts something on its side and then brings it back to normal.
a person jogs on the spot, then stands still
the person turns to their right and begins walking up what seem to be 3 stair steps. after the third step the person turns around and takes one step back down.
person is holding his head because he feels dizzy.
a man walks from side to side while holding his left forearm with left hand, and then walks back.
a man walks from side to side while holding his left forearm with right hand, and then walks back.
the person was moving his arms up and down doing something.
person got down and is crawling across the floor.
person is walking forward while leaning on something with the right arm, then they stop and bring their arms out to the side
a man leans forward to pick up an object slightly to his right, and places it down slightly to his left.
walking forward making a 90 degree turn to the right at a gradual angle
a person jauntily skips forward.
a person turns to the right, squats while bringing both hands together then stands up straight again.
a person lays on the ground.
a person is on their knees and then they get up slowly.
a person is jogging forward at a steady pace.
person turns around, picks something up, put it to face, turns back forward.
the person picks something up, tilts it then puts it back down
a man slowly leans forward and moves around and carries a heavy object.
a person raises both hands and claps their hands multiple times before returning to their original position.
a person throws something and catches something.
person makes action of stuffing something into an object, bends over to put the object down before walking forward to bend over and pick up another object and place it a little bit to the right and then returns to original spot.
a person walks forward gingerly, then walks to the back of the space and turns around
a person dances briefly and then performs a backflip.
walking forward and then stopping.
a person turns to the right, then looks at right wrist.
the man is he pacing  back and forth
a person walks forward and stops.
a person kicked with left leg
a person punches the air with their arms.
someone scrolls from left to right and then stands
a person walks over something by standing on it, before continuing on their way.
the person is doing basketball signals.
stick man does fighting movements kicks in the air punches the air and stops
a person walks forward several steps and then stumbles to the left.
person is dancing moving arms in a circle while alternating kicking feet. then while circling the arms the step to the left a few times. they jump to the left and then kick the right leg behind them, jump to the right and kick the left leg behind them
walking forward turn around and then run back to starting place
a man stands with his feet shoulder width apart.  he then picks up something from near the ground with his left hand.  he holds the object for a few moments and then turns and walks away to his right.
person scatches head and armpit like a monkey then pretends to hold a baby
a person who is standing with his hands at this sides reaches down to his right, picks up something, moves the object to his left and places it down and returns to his standing position with his hands to his sides.
a person is walking forward strangely
a person stretches their shoulders by moving their bent arms forward and backward.
walking forward then stopping.
a person is stretching using his right arm.
a person runs to the left slightly.
the person stands still in a slight squat and then turns to their right and walks.
this person is seated as if playing the drums.
a person is sitting with the chin in hand, stands up, and then returns to sitting
the person is sitting down.
person is standing forward doing jumping jacks.
a man confidently walks down a ramp with a measured pace.
a person lowers the left hand bending down slightly to examine something, then straightens and raises something to his face with the right hand.
a person looks through binoculars
a figure sprints forward confidently
a person squats down and pushes up into a big jump several times.
a person is walking in a steady forward motion.
a person moves their elbows back and forth, moves forward, picks an object up off the ground, walks left, and reaches their left arm out.
a person bends forward and straights, and then bends forward to touch their feet.
a person walks several steps forward.
a person is carefully drinking from a cup
a person with both feet on the ground with both knees bended moving from one side to another, trying to hide or something
person makes washing motions with both hands on opposite upper arms.
a man crawls around on the ground.
the person is walking forward in an odd way.
the person throws out their right arm in front of them then brings both hands to their mouth before lowering them together to the center of their body.
a man paces back and forth along the same line.
a person taking two steps forward turns counterclockwise and turns around
a person is walking backwards to the left, then to the right, and back to the starting position.
a person walks back and forth from left to right, stops, and stands in one place.
moving forward on the floor.
a person lifts their arms to their side.
person is acting like a grizzly bear.
a person walks forward then upwards.
a person raises their hand up towards their head and then outs it back down
a person who seems to slap something
person walks up then takes a large step to their right and then goes back onto the same path they were on
a man moves his hand up in the air.
a person walks casually forward, appearing to walk down four steps. their shoulders are neutral. both feed come together at the bottom.
the person is boxing with their right hand.
a person is drying their left arm
a person moves left arm forward to shoulder length and then brings it down, while the right arm moves slightly outwards and back.
a man walks forward and picks up an object with his left hand, then puts the object back down and steps backward.
a person holding their right knee up in their air.
a man who is throwing something with his left hand
someone walks with difficulty on their left side, then tries to run
a person walks forward rather slowly.
a person, while running quickly, bends down and picks something up.
a person jumps from side to side right to left.
a person is walking backwards.
a person takes one step diagionally forward and right.
a man uses his left hand to throw somthing with force.
person bends knees then slightly jumps into the air.
person walks forward down two steps.
stay stand on the place and run.
a man jumps down from a curve.
the person was doing a warm up with his elbows.
a person walks forward then turns around and walks back.
a man with his hands over his head turns right and left, then bends to the side right and left.
person is walking like they are on a beam, arms out.
a person slowly walked forward and returned
a person warms up pectorals by moving arms inwards and outwards.
person kneeling down qith stool
a person walks forward a few steps and then takes a drink with his left hand
person opens drink and drinks it
a person is making a high kick with his right leg.
slowly swinging the arms forward as the body walks slowly.
a figure walks down and left to stare at a wall
person squats down repeatedly with arms raised up to hold weights.
a person stands using his right hand to play a guitar moving it up and down.
a person sits down, turns to their left, then stands.
a person pushes their left arm forward and then uses both hands together while bending over as if catching something.
a person sits down, jiggles his left knee, raises both hands quickly to his shoulders then rubs his stomach with his right hand.
ski mountain lodge  go down the mountain slowly
a person takes 3 steps backwards
a person does small movements as if they were imitating cooking. like adding spices to a dish or moving a pan.
a person is crouching down and looking around, catiously.
a person walks with arms flapping then brings arms to the front and bends elbows and wrists.
the person is moving something around.
a person walks forward, hops backwards, then defends themselves by putting their hands up in defense
a man stands still and then starts dancing around.
a person gets down and crawls around the floor.a
the person extending their right leg.
the person stands up while holding their right hand above their head.
a person, showing both hands holding nothing, waves his left hand then pulls something out of his right hand and throws it into the air.
a person jumping while rasing both hands, and  move apart legs
the person turns on the faucet to wash the dishes
a person bends over and then picks up something with his right hand and then the left.
a person jumps up and down.
a person stands with knees bent and arms down on their sides, then continues to stand with arms spread out to the side.
a person bends down to their right side, then takes their right hand and places it on their left arm, and finally bends back down to the right with both hands.
walking around in a circle.
a stick fogure holds their arms straight up and then quickly puts them back down.
a person holds their arms out in a horizontal fasion and then begins to "knod" his head forward as if he was overlooking a crowd. they then step forward a few steps and start to knod their head again.
a figure walks forward
a figure appears to climb stairs
a person cautiously walks in an arc
a person who performed a right handed uppercut
swaying back-and-forth with their arms out.
person is throwing a ball hard.
person stands and raises left leg, then proceeds to kick into the air towards the left. person then pivots their torso tot he left, raising their right leg and kicking to the left. then comes back to stand center
person is jogging straight ahead
a person walks forward and moves something with his left hand.
the man moves to the side
a person bends their left elbow repeatedly, raising their hand.
a person walks straight back.
a man picks up a phone with his right hand and talks on it.
a person start to dance with legs
laying down on face and crawling backwards.
a persion doing jumping jacks.
the person side steps to the left and then side steps to the right and then back to the left
a person walks forward while twisting their torso side to side.
person walks slowly on the spot
this person has both hands in front of his face moving them in circles.
a person runs in place and then steps to the right, makes a counterclockwise circle while in a running motion, where his hands are moving up and down.
a person who is standing with his hands at his sides quickly runs forward and stops.
a person starts slowly walking forward and then jogs some before coming to a stop.
a person walks forward then turns around and walks back.
a person hops forward then turns around and hops back past where they started.
a person is walking then stops and sits down
a person bends legs and lifts dumbells.
a person grabbed something and made some jesture
a person does two jumping jacks.
the person turns around and starts to walk backwards towards the screen. he then faces us and walks backwards
a person walks forward and stops.
a person walks backwards in a straight line
a person reaches for something with both hands, the raises their right hand then sets its hands back down.
a person stands up while raising their arms.
person moves backwards towards the right then left as though he is playing a sport game like football or baseketball
a man is standing still and then starts walking forward before turning around.
a person sits on a stool of some sort and brushes off their legs.
the person is jogging in place.
a person stretches their leg by lunging back and forth on it, stretches their arms one at a time by lifting them and bending at the waist in the opposite direction, then finally walks forward.
a person lifts their left forearm upwards towards their mouth and then puts it down again.
a figure gets down on all fours then raises its chest
a man postures his arms like holding a dance partner and dances the waltz from the right hand side to the left hand side.
a person holds their arms up then lowers them, then bends their arms at the elbow and moves back and forth
a figure winds up for the pitch.
the man walked forward, spun right on one foot and walked back to his original position.
a person stands on his right leg, swings his left leg out to the side, back, and then he returns to a two-legged standing position.
a person jogs in a straight line.
a person raises both hands, then just right, then left, then right again
the person is walking forward.
a man stands and raises both of his arms overhead and then makes up and downwards movements.
a person slowly walked forward
person runs on an exercise machine.
someone walks backward beginning with the right foot while progressively swinging the right arm back and forth harder and harder with each swing.
a person walks slowly forward.
person stands with arms extended to their side then lower them then walk forward then  swing arms side to side then go to side swinging arms still then punches in front
the person pulls the book off of the shelf
the person is walking forward with the cake.
a man waved his one arm in the air and then he put it down and waved his other arm in the air.
a person walks towards the right making a wide 's' shape.
a person raises their left hand then switches to raising the right.
a person walks forwards stiffly with both arms out in front of them.
a man walks from side to side while holding his right forearm with right hand, and then walks back.
a person lifts both arms out to their side and runs forward in a figure 8 pattern.
a person walks a few steps, turns around and begins crawling on the floor in the other direction, then stands and walks the other way.
a person picks something up in front of them moves it to the side then moves it back
the man is doing jumping jacks
a person looks to be petting a dog with left hand.
waving arms around randomly quickly.
a man is walking backwards slowly, stands still, looks around and walks forwards slowly
a person stretches each leg then touches their head.
a person turns to his right and looks around.
the person standing still with his arms crossed.
person walked forward picked up an item and walked to the back and set the item down
a man turns slightly to his left then rights his right leg slightly and stamps down with his heel, before returning to his original position.
a man moving like a chicken.
the man reaches his left hand into the air then shrugs and digs a hole and shrugs again.
a person does jumping jacks fast.
the person is on the seesaw.
a person lifts his left arm, then does a lunge with his right leg
a person walks slowly backwards
figure moves hands the times in midsection of figure,
a man walks clockwise in a circle
a person slowly walked forward and returned
a person rolls their arms and shoulders.
a person waves with both hands.
a person scratching their head
a person standing in one position, gently swinging both arms in back-and-forth motion
the sim walks forward making a bit of a zig zag shape.
a figure wind mill kicks around the mosh pit.
a man bends his left arm at the elbow in a struggling motion.
moving the hands and littly  band the legs and move front.
the person is making an arm gesture putting his arms up into the air
person walks forward slowly and hesitates before standing upleft
a person walks three steps to his left, then five steps to his right, and finally three steps to his left.
the man dances his feet in circles in front of himself.
the man walks in a forward facing zig zag motion.
a person who seems to put slippers on
a person steps to their right and sits down.
a person standing lifts their shoulders slightly and shimmies from side to side.
this person put both arms up in front of themselves, while standing still.
a person walks forward normally
a person steps backwards quickly, shakes their hands out by their side, then walks forward.
person is walking backwards at medium pace
a person standing points at something by lifting their left hand.
a figure tip toes around while walking in a slolam like motion
a standing person lifts their right hand and slowly touches their head
a man lifts his left arm up
a person is doing jumping jacks.
a person lifts each knee towards the opposite elbow
a person moves something out of the way in a effort to advance forward.
staying still then backing up.
a person who is standing on a balance beam takes three steps forward and then steps down off the beam.
a person raises their arms and throws them back down in frustration
a person walking one way and then increasing pace running back
the person was flying around like a fly.
a person walks forward, picks something up, puts their hand to their mouth and tilts back their head, then puts it down
a person gestures with both arms, puts their left hand on their hip, then gestures again
a person is sitting with both arms out in front of themselves holding something, then they move their left hand away and make sliding motions with it.
a headless line figure takes four steps forward, down a ramp, toward the viewer.
a kneeling person crawls forward, turns around, crawls back, stands and turns to the right.
a person in a seated position uses their elbows and forearms to raise up to a standing position.
person checking the time on his left wrist
person is sitting reading a newspaper.
a person is walking upstairs.
walking forward then slightly bending down at waist and touching a surface from left to right
a person walks back and forth, and every so often ducks down to the side suddenly.
a person throwed something with left hand
a man walks in a s-shape.
a person taking a bow forward. turning to his/her left, then taking another bow before returning to his/her original position.
a person wipes with their left hand .
a person walks, stepping onto a big object.
person is kicking an athletic ball
a man is crouching then raises his right hand to his head the lowers it back down.
someone slowly and dramatically walks forward in a straight line.
a man is pacing back and forth in a straight line.
a person using the left arm to reach for something.
person has arms raised and brings then to hip level
a man spins in a counterclockwise circle three times with his hands in front of him.
a person sitting and readjusting position to the right.
a person passing a ball or just kicking the ground twice
a person is walking like a mummy.
a person is moving around the room while moving his hands.
a figure waves with their left hand
a person irregularly walks backwards, turns around, then continues in the opposite direction.
person is doing "i'm the little teapot" dance
a person is lifting a dumbbell with their left arm.
a person slowly walks forward.
swinging arm down then standing still.
a man is doing jumping jacks.
person is drinking something from big container
a figure is boxing upercuts with is right blue arm and his left red arm stays at a 90 degree angle.
the person is leaving at someone with his left hand.
a person in boxing class
a person walks in a circle
the person is walking on a treadmill slowly.
a person walks diagonal leading with the left leg, then turns to walk back while swinging arms.
the man walks forward then back
a person kneels down with right hand
person runs quickly straight forward
person bends to pick up something approximately knee high on left side with left hand. he rotates to the right and takes that object and rubs it against something before returning it.
person stretches both arms up and then put arms down.
a person is moving around his arms.
jumping forward quickly then stopping.
while squatting, a person makes circular gestures with their left hand.
a person is dancing by putting their arms out making a t-pose and rotating their wrists, then moves their legs up and out one at a time.
a person is walking up a couple stairs while holding a railing.
a man energetically backsteps, then turns to his left and walks forward, then backsteps again, keeping a spring in his step.
person is jogging and then gets down and walks like an ape and then gets back up and jogs again.
figure appears to be carrying an itemm (large item)
a person raises their left arm to the right, then to the middle.
the person does 2 cartwheels
a person is sitting and makes slight movements of his hands
a person a little jumped forward
spinning arms near chest.
a person while sitting on the floor throws with his left arm and then stands.
a person walks forward after appearing to lift something with their left hand and swinging their left arm slightly whilst walking.
a person picks up two objects and begins performing a motioning action with both objects.
person is waving with their left hand
a person walks then stops briefly, he does a 180 degree turn and walks in that direction.
a person is lifting dumbbell over their head
a man throws an object with his left hand while lifting his left leg off the ground.
turning body from side to side.
a  person's arms by sides are crossed in front of chest and then lowered by sides again.
a person sits down at a chair, then moves the chair around while they are still in it.
a person is doing a dance.
a person moves forward quickly and lifts both legs before landing and continuing to move forward.
the person balances on their left toe, then switches to the right and spins in a circle
a person slowly walked forward and returned back
a figure puts two objects together from opposite positions.
a person brings his arms which were in the air along his body. his knees appear to be bent.
a person walks forward, then leans down as if to pick something up, turns around and puts something down on the ground.
person walks slightly to the left
a person grabbedsomething and lean it somehwere
a person stands on one leg in yoga pose.
a person walks on a beam with arms straight up in the air, stops and lowers his arms.
someone waits a moment and jumps to the left
a person jogs in place, slowly at first, then increases speed. they then back up and squat down.
a figure walks in a straight line, turns around, and crawls on all fours back the same direction
person walks forward in a semi-straight line with arms extended out to the sides.
a person jumps up and down on their toes
walking forward then stopping.
a person catches a ball with their right arm then throws it with their left arm.
a person lifts their arms from their sides in a semi-circle motion and ends with the forearms facing up.
walking forward then bending down
moving the right hand on stand.
a person walks forward with their arms at their sides while slightly going left.
a man stretches arms raised side to side and bends forward.
a person raises their left hand above their head.
the person crawls forward at a slow speed
a  man stands on the ground ,walks clockwise and then stops.
a perso bend the knee and leand to the floor and start walked
a person clasps his hands in front of him, then swings his clasped hands back and forth.
a person is putting both hands to his face.
a person appears to have severe arm pain holding and slouching their left shoulder.
the person is sitting and put his left finger up.
a person sits down to avoid pressure on their knees.
a person slowly walked backward, and sat on the knee and hands
a person waves with their right arm over and over and then raises both their arms up and down
the person grabs something in front of them, walks away, walks back, returns it and picks it back up again and begins to walk away again.
a man lifts an object on the right side with both hands and then places it on the left side with their right hand on top.
person walks forwards slowly and normally without swinging arms
a person throws and upper cut with his left hand.
person ran got down on his knees turn around and ran back the other way.
the person is making up and down hand gestures.
a person places right hand on cround and gets into a seated position on the ground. the person uses right hand to brace themself and gets back to a standing position
man stands straight up with his hands out in front of him and creates a patting motion in the air continuously.
man right foot stump one then stay in standing position.
a person walks counterclockwise in a circle.
a person has his left hand in the air.
a person does the cat walk
the person starts jumping jacks
a person walks forward at moderate pace.
a person holds their left arm bent at the elbow and bends their right arm up and down
someone appears to be stretching they turn their upper body in a counter counterclockwise direction and then leans upper body from side to side
a person lifts up their right leg while shifting on their left.
a person is rocking a baby
person is waving with left hand
a man scratches his head with his left hand.
a person crosses his arms in an x-shape out in front of him and then quickly swings them to the side, brushes off is right leg with his right hand, and then raises his right hand as if to wave.
person doing dumbbell lifting exercise
a person sits down in a chair and then gets back up.
a person stands in a defensive stance with left arm and leg forward, then uses the left forearm for a block across the body.
this person was forward then stops.
a man bends his legs, lifts his arms slightly, and then jumps twice on the spot.
taking 3 steps forward starting with right foot and then stopping
person swings arms up and down at the joints while bouncing around, as if dancing.
some performs two jumping jacks from a standing position.
starting with his left foot and shoulder forward, a person turns his torso counterclockwise, extends his right arm up and forward, and lowers his left hand down.
a person walks a path that bends right.
a person is walking at an angle to the left.
a person puts their hands on their knee, then gets up and walks towards the left.
a person who is standing with legs spread apart and his arms away from his sides, steps forward with his left leg, looks to his left, then takes a step back with his left foot, a step back with his right foot, a step back with is left foot and a step back with his right foot.
person turns to right, takes three steps forward, sits down, and then walks back to starting place.
the person is reaching for something with his left arm.
a person who is standing with his arms by his sides raises his arms above his head, leans to his right, leans to his left and then drops his arms and resumes his standing position.
a person appears to be raising both his arms with difficulty.
person walks forward speedily then abruptly stops
a person walks in a counterclockwise direction.
a person moves his hand in front of him in a horizontal, counterclockwise, circular motion.
a person raises both hands and pushes outward, then return hands to a downward starting position. the person the puts both hands on hips, and return them to sides one more time before slightly crossing both arms.
person is adjusting something on their head
the person walked forward and then turn left.
a person slowly walked forward
a person raises both arms straight out before dropping to all fours and then rising into a kneeling position.
person brings right forearm up to their eyesight like they are checking the time on a watch.
a person with their shoulders held high
a person jogs in place slowly in a counter counterclockwise circle.
person moves right and left leg slowly then quickly moves them in a fast motion
a person, standing in the middle of the screen, raises their arms and waves twice before lowering their arms again.
a person moves their arms around.
a person throws their left hand up
a person holds their hands together and bows their head a few times.
a person repeatedly holds both hands above their head and then swings them forward and down rapidly with force.
a person is shooting a basketball with both hands.
laying down and crawling forward.
a standing person raises their hands to touch the back of the right wrist with the left hand and then lowers their hands again.
a person is repeatedly raising and lowering their forearms.
a person does four jumping jacks then two forward leg jumps.
a person beginning to run in a straight line.
a person raises their left hand then puts it back down.
this person jumps on his right foot then on his left foot.
a person shakes their arms and shoulders and move backwards at the same time
person squats with knees facing inwards then stands up and quickly jogs  before stopping
a person grabbed the leg and did something
a person slowly walked forward and right direction
a person is standing and adjusts their weight to lean more on their right side.
a person loses his balance towards his left and then steps back towards his right.
this person steps forward then sits on a stool to brush off his shoe.
a person jumps and stretches out her legs and arms to the sides, pauses, and then performs jumping jacks.
this person kicks with his left foot while standing.
the person is jumping in place.
a man touches his upper left arm with his right hand, then reaches the right hand forward, then touches his right hand to his left sholder and reaches the right hand forward again before lowering it to his right side.
a person moves both their forearms in opposite circles, left hand counterclockwise, right hand counter counterclockwise.
a person brings their right hand up to touch their mouth, returns their arm to the side, then swings both arms simultaneously up and away from them.
a person plays the air drums while standing, starting with the center drums, moving to the right and then all the way back to the left.
a person makes several hand gestures and appears to move objects around.
a person bends down and touches their toes, then reaches up and stretches back and forth
a person starts a jogging on the place
a person lifts his right hand and waves his hand to say hello then puts right hand back down
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle while holding something over their left shoulder.
the person is wiggling his whole body.
a person is strolling around
someone walks up a flight of stairs.
walking in a circular pattern.
someone is posing woth their left leg out straight, their left are bent 90 degrees, and their right arm fully extended with their right hand anove their head.
a person kicks something with their left foot.
a person is walking on an upward slope.
a figure spins rapidly with arms outstretched then adjusts sleeves
a person walks forward with right foot, then trips and continues walking forward.
a person walks to the left, then to the right, then back to their original position in the middle.
the person is walking but struggling with the knee
the person move his arm to the left hand side up then right and left.
a person walks down some steps.
a person is jogging around
a person walks in a counter counterclockwise circle.
a person does a swimming motion while standing.
a person raises both hands and waves them in various ways.
a person slowly walks forward.
a person has his legs spread and arms crossed.
a person takes a step backwards.
a person is boxing, jabbing mostly with his left hand.
a person stayed on the place
a person does arm curls
this person jumps up and down on his right leg.
the man jumps twice into the air.
a person makes a toast, then raises a glass to take a drink and wipes his lips with a napkin.
a man stands up, walks counterclockwise in a circle, then sits back down.
a person at a standstill starts running, then stops.
a person with their hands by their sides jumps twice on their right leg while bending their left knee and then jumps twice on their left leg, they then jump twice on their left leg while bending their right knee.  they repeat this pattern of jumps one more time before stopping.
a man walkes slowly forward
a person takes a step forward.
a person sits on a ledge
a person is using binoculars
a person walks down stairs while holding a railing with his left hand.
a man walks in a curved line.
person walks to the left and bends down looking for something , takes a few steps and walks again and bends down again.
person takes one sidestep to their right
a person bends slightly at the shoulders and mimics the movements of picking something up with both arms moving it from their right side to their left side.
he runs forward directly then stops
a person looks around, steps back, then runs forward while throwing an object.
a person takes a big step backwards.
the person was walking so he could sneak up on someone.
a person moves backwards then forwards then jumps.
a person goes from standing to on their hands and knees and moves forward.
a person walks forward and gets pushed, he stumbles to the right and then returns to his original path
a person walks straight going slightly to the right
this person reaches to the right then reaches forward with both arms and kicks with left leg.
a person lifts his right hand up, then left hand up and waves them about, then put his hands down
a person is standing straight with their arms bowed forward, twisting their hips left and stretching their left arm in the process.
a person pauses briefly then casually walks downward in a straight line, and stands in a relaxed pose.
a figure lunges backwards in a flexed pose.
a person grabbed something with left and after walked forward and backed
the man puts something down and walks
a person has their left hand on their head and walks around in a circle.
a person slowly jogs to the right to left and the jogs back into place
figure appears to be fighting or dancing
slowly wake on the right side.
the person is pouring some thing.
a person walks in a clock wise circle and stops were he began.
a person bends over and flaps his arms.
a person staggers around drunk and repeatedly gestures down with their left hand, as if mumbling an imaginary argument to themselves.
a person uses their left hand to throw an object in front of them.
a person walks forward before bending down to hold his right knee with both hands
a person shifts their weight from side to side, first settling back on their right foot, then their left.
person standing and stretching. puts both arms forward then behind their body then to their right side of body. moderate speed of movement.
person jogs around to the right and left
a person takes one step forward, jumps into the air giving their left leg out; after landing they take another step forward, make a swift counter counterclockwise turn before taking a last step forward stopping to pose with the left arm extended perpendicular to the left of the body and the right hand held near the front of the lower torso.
person sprints forward three steps stops then sprints forward again
a person appears to scratch their head.
raising arm towards chest while standing.
a person does jumping jacks, stumbles and then backs up to continue.
a person raises their right hand then their left then sets them down.
a man is walking forward and stumbles
someone is dancing they start off a clap and moves their arms around while moving their feet forward and backwards
a man raises right foot knee high then swings out and puts down repaets this motion twice
a person is crossing their arms.
a person walks forward and picks up and moves a heavy object.
a person lunges forward with one foot, reaching his arms out at the same time; this happens twice.
a person throws something upwards with two hands.
a person walks, turns around, and walks back
a man pets a large dog.
a person walks forward in an askew line.
a individual is standing still, raising their fists to make a rolling motion, before raising their fist up to their shoulders, shaking them then placing their right arm at their side.
person turns around from front to rear and whilst holding his hand and arm stomach level then turns around again and goes to original position
a person is making signals with both his hands
he walked over a high object which was in his way.
a person walking and changing their path to the right
a person hops forward with both legs and after a few hops they hop on top of something then back down left after.
a man steps forward, then brushes something at knee height with his left arm, then steps back and stretches his arms out to either side.
the person stands and squats a couple of times with their hands out in front of them
standing on one leg and swinging it.
a man swings his left arm behind him and then swings it forward and down toward the right, as if he is brushing something aside,
a person standing in place lifts and waves with his left hand.
person moves right foot infront to side then moves left foot  leading body to stand side on on opposite side of square
a person walking in a counter counterclockwise direction
a person warlk forward with a very possive stride.
the sim appears to push something, then brings both hands to their left ear.
a man walks forward for a short time, turns slightly to the left to meet back at his starting point then continues forward for a short time and turns right heading back to starting point to create a figure 8.
a man walks forward slowly, then turns around.
a figure is laying on the ground then rolls into a sit, then into being on all fours, then to standing
the man is dancing i think
a person walks using a handrail with his right hand.
the person is pacing back-and-forth.
a person is walking and stops.
the person uses the right to grab the left elbow and swing it. the left arm raises up.
a man side steps to the left.
a person lifting their right arm up
person jogs, stops to bend over, then continues jogging.
a person either pleading or praying with their hands folded in front of them.
a man walks around in a complete circle.
a person walks to the left makes a u-turn counterclockwise and returns to the right of their initial position facing away
a person walks in a s shape
the person is doing the cha-cha.
the man wrings his hands and twists his ankles.
the toon jogs in place.
the person is putting something in a mixing bowl.
the person is doing a casual quick walk.
a person alternately uses his hands to illustrate a high-spirited drumming motion.
a person rotates both wrists, wiggles their left foot, wiggles their right foot, bends their knees, then finally sticks their arms out to the side.
a figure scratches where its head would be with its left hand.
a person moves around in a random fashion, trying to dodge something.
a person walks forward with a strut.
the man walk forward and move the left hand to the left side and went back.
a man walks in a forward arc, skewing to the left side of the screen.
a person steps forward, then kneels down using their right hand for support.
a person repeatedly blocks their face with their right arm.
a person is standing up straight, with their arms stretched out. they then bring both hands toward their face simultainiously.
a person runs forward and then to the left.
walking forward and then to the side.
a person falls to their knees.
person takes step forward with left leg before kicking out with right foot, swinging right arm simultaneously.
the man take sideways steps to the left.
a person hops to the left two times then hops to the right.
person walks six steps to side with left arm up
a figure leans forward as though impersonating an airplane/scanner
he starts to crawl a lot
a person doing torso-twists, side-bends, and a lower back/hamstring stretch.
hands are on the knees, hands go to the chest in a scratching motion, and then hands go back down to the knees.
a person runs from the middle to one side then turns around then runs to the other side, then runs back to the middle.
a person walks forward, then takes a big step forward.
a man runs away, forword he goes with his hand over his head.
a person steps forward to the left and then stops.
a man brings both hands up towards his face and shift slightly to the left and back.
a person raises their right arm holding an object and then lowers their arm
this person runs forward then stops.
the person pick something up and tilted to the side and then set it back down.
a person walks in a counter counterclockwise circle.
from a standing position, the person raises both arms above their head, crouches low, slowly swings their body from left to right while tilting their head, and then stand up and takes a step to their left
character is moving slowly before moving into a moderate jog.
while walking forward he appears to be pushed, he lefts himself and continues walking.
a person takes off their t-shirt with one arm.
person is performing dance moves
a man brings his fingers together in front of his chest, then sweeps them both in the air in front of him at chest level from his left to his right.
a person rolls his left ankle while walking
a person is walking across a narrow beam.
a man bends down to crawl on his knees.
a person bends over and picks an object up with both hands and stands up straight.
person walks forward and makes a counterclockwise motion with hands, and then moves to the right side.
a person slowly walks forward.
a person who is standing with his arms by his sides jumps in place twice and then shifts his body right and left while remaining in place.
a person raises their right arm up to their face.
a person takes a big jump forwards.
the man makes a gesture and ties his laces
a person who is running
a man is picking an object up from the right side and then places it to his left side.
the body paces back and forth, then lifts the left arm in the air, and continues to pace back and forth.
a man walks forward in a snake like pattern.
i person side steps to his left, sliding his feet across the ground.
person side steps to the right and then sits down. then, gets back up
a person's squats down using mainly their left leg, their right leg crosses their left leg, and then they stand back up
this person does a short sprint forward, holding their arms up to their chest level.
a person is in a seated position and making a steering gesture.
person seems to be preparing food
the  person is running over a vault.
the person brings their hands up in front of them as if opening something, and then ends in a t-pose.
a person walks forward two steps and turns around and walks back two steps
a person steps around something then sits down on the item and rests each hand on the corresponding thigh
a person walks forward and turns and walks backwards.
a person placing something in their hand and then throwing it while twisting their body.
a person jumps repeatedly, waving their hands in circles.
a person climbs up something, turns around and climbs back down.
a person stomps the ground with their right foot.
a person dances and then runs backwards and forwards.
the person claps and puts their hands down.
the person is walking forward.
a person raises their right arm to their face pensively while shifting their weight from side to side.
a man jumps twice with his arms relaxed at his sides.
the person raises both hands, then lowers their right hand.
a person balances on their left foot while kicking in multiple directions with their right foot.
a man hold his arms above his head and then performs different motions with arms apart and then in front of him
a person claps their hands.
a man continuing bending forward at the waist with his arms dangling in front of him.
the figure rises from a laying position and walks in a counterclockwise circle, and then lays back down the ground.
the person is walking normally.
he sidesteps 8 times turns and sidesteps back four.
a man bends down and picks something up witn his left hand.
this person is stretching his left leg.
a person steps backward, jumps up, runs forward, then runs backward.
a person does one squat with arms straight out in front.
the man sits on a stool and looks around.
someone doing the chicken dance
a standing person seems to be shoved from behind, then regains their balance after a quick stumble.
the person walked in a complete oval
the sim is doing a range of motion exercise from their wrist to their shoulders on both their left & right sides.
the person is stopping with their right foot.
a person is stepping around while their hands are behind their back
the person leans on the left then right and then grabs something on the ground. they wipe something on the left hand side. they do a twisting motion like a doorknob and set an item down on the right side on the ground
the person is walking in circles
a man steps forward, then suddenly staggers to his right, before returning to his original course.
a man walks forward, turns around, and starts to turn around again.
a person lifts a large object up at waist height from their right and places it back down to their left.
a person hammers a nail into a wall.
a person lifts something to their face and wobbles their body in circles.
the person is crouched down and raises their right hand
a person walks counterclockwise from the 3 o'clock position to the 11 o'clock position.
a person is walkin whilst crouched and kicks
a person claps with hands.
a man walks forward with his hands down stiffly at his sides.
a man climbs up steps.
a person military presses weights above their head.
a man staggers backwards from a standing posture, swinging his arms, before ending in a standing posture.
the person is jumping with his hands up.
the person is around and i think holding someone dancing.
a person stands with his two feet apart and light hops in that position 14 times.
person squats all the way to the ground, then leaps up all the way, raising both hands above the head.
person is doing a huge stretch  to the left
the man plays violin holding it in his left hand.
the person had something in his hand turned around and said it on the ground.
standing on one leg and hopping.
a person walking forward four steps with their arms down beside them and then they stop.
a person picks up a cloth with his left hand, turns on a faucet with his right hand, and then washes something using his left hand.
a person walks diagonally backwards
a person claps with their hands
a person walks forward to the right, then takes several steps backwards, stumbles and steps to the right.
a person is walking and stumbles.
the person is walking up the stairs and stood still.
a person walks forward, slowly.
a person jogs forward and semi circles around to the left and then to the right.
a man brings arms and hands together, sways right to left, brings his left arm down and then back up again.
a person slowly walks forward with hands down at sides.
the person was walking around to the left and then turned around and walked back.
a figure quickly walks forward.
the person starts in a wide standing position, swings right leg behind and around back to the wide standing position.
the person is running around in a circle.
a person walks in a counter counterclockwise circle then sits down.
a person is cheering and dancing
walks side ways but back and forth
a man turns to his right and brings his hands up to touch in front of his chest as he kicks something with his right leg.
the sim is walking in a circle motion.
a person jumps forward with both feet.
a man moves something from one spot to another.
a person walks backward, runs forward, and walks backward again.
a person takes a couple steps forward, pauses, turns and jogs to the right, then jogs to the left, then jogs back to where he started
a person raised the hands grabbed something and made some jesture
someone walking stands and begins to move shoulders and arms
a person walks forwards, places their right hand on something to support them, then bends their left  knee back and using their left hand holds their shoe, to inspect the sole of it.
a person, whose hands is swaying front to back, is walking in a clockwise circle while bringing their knees up as they walk.
a person walks diagonally and raises arms in a t pose and seems to be balancing on a wide beam. then stops and drops arms to side.
a person is sneaking around
a person puts their hands on their hips and turns to the right side.
someone walks forward and to the left, then stands looking straight ahead.
a man limps to the left side of the room, then runs back to the right side
walking side to side.
a person running then quickly taking a step to their right.
a person wipes down a tabletop.
a person appears to be hitting a ball with their left hand.
a person picks a drink up with their left hand and finishes it.
a person side steps to the left and back to the right.
a person walks forward using their right hand to steady themselves on an object.
this person swings both arms around and back to front.
a person is leaning forward and making rapid movements with their left arm.
a person lifts up their arm at a 120 degree angle twice and then reverts their arm to the opposite lower part of their body.
running forward and stopping.
person picked up his phone made a call and then put it back down.
a person waves with his left hand two times then stops, touching his right shoulder with his right hand.
this person waves widely with his right arm.
a person walks forward, crouches down to pick something up, turns around and walks back where they came from, then turn around again and walk to set the item on something.
the figure takes a few slighly hurried steps without raising their arms, it looks they are about to start running but haven't quite yet begun.
a person jumps straight up with both arms down.
the person swings both arms, squats, and jumps while turning 45 degrees to his right before landing.
from a standing position person leans their head down to their left slowly, in front of their chest then back up kind of like a snake.
a person is standing with their hands on their hips, they walk forward and turn to the left, then relax their arms.
both the hand holding the left leg.
the person waddles low to the ground and then stands up and walks back.
the man looks at his watch.
someone is pulling back, while standing on one foot.
person is throwing and catching a football.
person holds roght leg up by the knee woth both hands and extends leg.
a person waves with their left hand
a person runs moderately in an oval shape
a person who is standing does four weight lifting arm curls with his left arm.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides takes six steps forward, than angles to his left as he continues walking.
a person on a swivel chair moved from front to right typing and talking on the phone motions.
the person walks in a straight line and places their left hand to support their weight against something.
a person appears to be running in place.
a person tapping on a surface
the person is walking down arms out.
walking forward in a diagonal line.
a oersin grabbed something with right hand, and did something with left hand
a person extends their right arm outwards then back to their shoulder, in a curling motion.
a person walks down in an s pattern, bends down and picks something up and puts it down to the left twice in a row.
a person walks around and then crouches down with their arms forward
a person bends down to pick something up with their left arm, sets it down with their right arm, and then starts to pour something into it.
person uses left hand and arm to move to side then front ways then other movements
a person walks backwards and then steps up stairs backwards as well
person walking walks forward, turns around and walks back.
person squatting then raising both arms to 90 degrees
the person was pushed from the right but did not fall.
quickly waving arms above head and then clapping while looking around.
the person is jogging in place.
a person shifts around in place like a zombie, raising their arms up and down.
the man pick some thing up from the right and moved it to the left.
a person walking forward steps up onto something and then steps down off the other side, then again up onto something and down the other side, then turns left and walks forward, then turns left again and steps up onto something.
a man stands with his arms at his sides, and sways slightly to his right.
someone runs backwards in a clockwise motion.
a person walks in a counterclockwise semi-circle
a person raises both hands to chest level out in front of them makes a swatting motion with left hand for five seconds and then a single swatting motion with their left.
this person side steps right, stops and side steps left.
a person walks in a circular path.
a man walks forward, turns around, walks diagonally, then turns around and crouches.
a person waves with their left hand
a person limping with left leg hurt and going around in a circle.
a person lifts their right arm up, twitches a bit, then brings their left arm up while putting their right arm down.
a person walking down a stage.
a person appears to be playing the violin.
a person holds an object steady with their left arm and strums with their right arm.
a man raises his hands up on the air,starts clapping and then lowers them down.
a person stands in place with their arms bent.
a person does a drinking motion with his left arm
a person jumps and spins 180 degrees.
person was walking and hit his head.
person looks like theyre holding a microphone and talking into it
a person leans to their right as they punch with their left arm.
a person picks an item up and moves it a foot to their left and places it down.
a person runs back and forth
a person reaches forward with the left hand and then lets their arm drop to their side.
someone jumps up twice, bringing their hands together in front of them as they go upwards and releasing them as they go downwards.
a person lightly kicks, maybe out of disappointment, or a routine motion of an object for something fun
person steps ten steps in a side on direction very stelphly
a person dribbles a basketball through their legs then runs quickly.
a person is holding something in his or her hand, turns it upward, he looks down at it and puts his hand down
the person was doing a warm-up with his wrists.
the person walks forward and takes a bow
a person takes a big step to the side.
a person turns counterclockwise and then spins multiple times clockwise.
a person is standing up, then touches his right foot with his right hand then his left foot with his left hand
a person with their hand pointing towards the ground is walking slowly across an area; their arms are only moving slightly almost as if just hanging there.
a person bends both arms in front of body at shoulder level,flaps them and then unfolds them.
the person is holding his left arm up.
a person stops to take a look at their watch.
a person stumbling to their left side.
a person made a micro move to bent the knee
starting with their right foot a person walks quickly forward.
the man is moving his body and making moves
a person standing with their knees slightly bent is using both of their hands to hold on to something at chest level.
a man picks something with his left hand and then makes circular motions with the same hand .
a person steps backwards with their right foot and stretches.
a person picks something up with their left hand, pours it out, and sets it back down.
a person standing raises his left hand to talk on the phone.
a person is scrubbing a window
a person shifts right and left on their feet while stretching out their arms, bending them and raising them.
a person sits on the ground and gets back up.
a person walking in a strait path at a slow pace with only four steps with it's arms on it's side.
the person checks the watch on his hand.
someone stands with their hands on their upper legs spread apart, then straightens up and outstretches both arms.
a person walks diagonally across a room from right to left.
the person is jogging with dumbbells.
this person is moving as if excited and animated while speaking.
the character scratches his head with his left arm
this person waves his left arm up and down as if to enjoy a beat.
person takes large lateral step to the left side
a person stumbles backwards wobbling slightly
a person bends at the hips and moves from the right to left while lifting arms up, bent at the elbows
a person walks forward slowly without moving forward, as though walking on a treadmill, and his arms remain still at his sides.
a person raising both his hands.
a person runs diagonally across a room with their arms swinging hands down.
the person walks in a counterclockwise circle
person has arms out before lowering and running quickly on the spot
the person is leaning forward looking around.
a person sits on the ledge of something then gets off and walks away.
a person walks forward then turns around and takes long jumps.
a man reaches over and picks up some wet soap, and washes his hands with it.
a person uses their hands to clap
a person jumps into wide stance with his arms making a v shape and then jumps back into a normal, relaxed stance.
someone jogs in place, makes a quarter turn to the right and back, jogs backwards and then forwards.
the figure has bent knees with legs apart and arms up my their side, the right one falls to the right side, stays their and then goes back up for both arms to fall.
a person walks slowly in a circle but then jumps back abruptly and continues to hop around.
a man crawls forward on his stomach.
a person is smelling their right armpit.
the person walks sideways in both directions.
walks in a tight circle the runs back and walks in a tight circle.
the sim appears to scoot across the plane.
a man stands still for two seconds.
a person touches each elbow to the opposite knee then spreads his legs and starts to do squats.
a person jumps into the air.
a person is stretching its shoulders
a person waving one hands in a horizontal circular motion in front of them
a man supports himself with his left hand, carefully going down to his knees.
man bows down to the left.
the man plays the violin.
the person is hammering a nail.
a person jumps very high and steps forward making little kicks, then stands with left arm in the air.
a person has their left hand raised in the air and slowly lowers it.
a person moves into a fighting stance.
the person was turning on the faucet.
in a fighting stance, person punches downward with their right hand.
a figure walks forward in a sort of strut fashion, lightly zagging to the left then to the front
person reaches out left arm in front of them, puts their arm down, then reaches again with left arm.
a person hunches with hands forward then shakes his head right to left.
someone rubs their belly with their right hand and rubs their head with their left hand at the same time.
a person whos put both hands together and is begging
a person bends both arms up and down at the elbow twice.
a person walks forward as their left hand guides them
moving hands side to side.
a person stands with arms hanging before clapping once, dropping her arms for a moment, then clapping for a  few moments before dropping her arms again.
a person lifts and spins around their left leg then lifts and spins around their right.
a person raised he lef for half and after changed the leg
a person stands with his right hand in front of his body.
a person attempts to get a rock out of their shoe.
a person stands in one spot, waiting and looks around and then looks at their watch once.
a person standing still shuffles to the right.
a person goes from a standing position to a bended knee while gesturing.
a person gracefully walks forward, picks up an object, and raises it towards their face.
he is stretching his arm then moving it
a person walks and steps over something.
a person tilts right leg to right branch slightly, strides forward and follows with left leg.
a man is shot in the chest, falls to the ground, crawls and pulls himself up.
a person steps forward, turns to the side and gestures several times.
a person sways to swing their left foot followed by their right foot.
the person is getting a shower and washing his left arm.
a person walks straight forward quickly
the sim appears to be adjusting a watch that is placed on their left wrist.
it looks like the person is taking care of his shoes
a person grabs a small invisible object from his right and places it directly in front of them.
the man stretches side to side then touches his toes.
the person is shaking out both her arms.
person is walking in a circle moving his arms.
a person walks forward, with a quickening step and stops tentatively, as they take their last step.
a person walks forward at a brisk pace.
a person moves their arms forward then around in opposite circles
a person jumps forward with the right foot, moves the left foot in front of the right foot, and then moves both feet back to standing position.
a person is stationary moving their arms in symmetrical motion as if they are swimming.
someone working out the left arm
a person walks in a large circle.
a person stands up from a sitting position, makes an overhand throw motion, and underhand throw motion, then a basketball shot motion.
a person slowly walks in a circle pattern as though they are ballroom dancing.
a person sits in a  chair then stands back up.
person stands still with arms bent forwards, as if gripping some handlebars.
a person starts walking forward and then begins to run.
a person swaying his/her leg a certain motion and raising their left arm
a person crouches down to crawl four steps forward and to his left, then turns around and crawls back to where he started before standing up.
person walks straight in pretty slow phase, turns around and walks in oppsite direction.
a man sits down, brings his hands to his face and then stands back up.
a person walks forward then around off to the side.
a person walks in a counter counterclockwise circle.
a person walks forward then back while looking down.
a standing person is swaying gently back and forth as he holds his right hand to the right side of his head for a moment. he drops his arm, briefly, then raises it to look at his hand.
person appears to be holding some thing with both hands and then throws it forward with their left hand.
the person takes 4 steps forward, then shakes its legs.
a man turns to his right, walks forward, reaches out for something with his left hand, turns around clockwise, walks back, and then turns once again clockwise and walks.
a person is making rapid swinging motions with their left leg in the air, while holding onto something with their left hand.
a person raises his left arm in front of himself, swings it over to the side, then lowers it.
a person sits on a chair behind them and then stands back up.
a person crosses arms briskly across the front of thier body, then raises one hand and moves both hands back and forth.
a person leans to the left pouring something with the right hand to the left hand.
a person paces from right to left and vice versa.
a person walks while holding a hand rail
the body bent over talking small steps to the right as the left hand moves inside.
a person walks forward while holding out their arms for balance
a person who uses his right arm to reach his left leg twice
a person performs a squatting motion and lifts arms horizontally
a person who is standing with his arms down by his sides raises his hands shoulder high, looks slightly to the right, turns his body to the left and drops his hands to his sides and faces forward.
person is walking with his arms out like he is balancing.
the person is walking straight backwards.
man stands holding both arms up at his sides at a left anglefor 7 seconds then brings both hands down together to his right side and squeezed an object.
a person propels himself and takes a long jump
a person walks forward, barely drifting to their left, before stopping.
a person stands with their arms stretched out then sits down.
a person is doing acting like a little teapot.
a person jumps sideways to their left several times, then several times to the right.
a person walking in a diagonal direction
a person walks up four steps while holding onto the railing with their left hand.
a person imitates biting into something then waves their left hand around randomly.
someone slouched in a sitting position gets up and begins walking in a circle.
a person is attempting to jump rope by hopping from one leg to the other as if running in place, but has to reset every two to three jumps.
the person is widewalking.
a person ducks down suddenly, steps forward, and stands back up.
a person swings their arms in front of their chest and then back by their side 3 times.
person put their blue color hand up and moves slightly forward on the blue colored leg. the knee of the blue colored leg bends lightly. red colored leg moves backwards and bends that knee. both hands go above the head and the person leans forward and makes the hands into a circle
stick figure starts running in place
this person is cleaning a table.
a person with its arms raised, sets them down then claps .
person looks to be washing a window with both hands
a person walks forward and side kicks then puts his hand to his face
a person does a throwing motion with his left arm
a person is pulling something and then walks and puts their arms out
a figure seems to be gesturing for people to run past or through or under their other arm
a person lifts object with two hands and throws with left hand.
a person walks up stairs
a person walks straight slowly.
a person struggling to push arms forward and upwards, arms shaking.
a man twists his neck,moves his arms up and downs one after the other,and then makes a circular  hand motion.
a person crawling from left to right and vice versa
this person walks slowly forward in a zig zag.
a person standing up strikes their hands together well above their head.
a person stands and trying to hold balance.
a person briskly walks foward swinging their right arm back and forth.
a person ballet dances in a triangle.
person jumps to the left, then jumps to the right, then turns around and walks back to the start before jumping once again.
a person grabbed something and throw it with left hand
a person walks a few steps, then begins to jog or run.
a person leans their body moving their left arm above their head past their right shoulder.
a figure walks towards a wall and stares, confined.
the person is making hand gestures bending its red wrist.
walking diagonally to the right
a person walks backwards and stops.
a person walks forward slowly, their arms swinging slightly, then they turn around.
a person is bent over at the waist, motioning forward with their left hand, then stands up.
a person walking slowly across something.
the person is painting a wall.
the person is practing balancing on one leg.
a person performs three jumping jacks.
a person swinging golf club or swinging and hitting ball with a bat.
a sitting person sits up straight, than stands and finally sits back down.
doing a cartwheel then jumping up and down.
the person put his hands on his knees.
a person casually walks forward.
a person standing forward doing leg kicks.
a figure with arms out rotates down the moves hands around.
a person walks forward, steps over something with his left leg, and then he continues walking forward.
the person is walking forward turning right.
character lifts both hands up to face twice.
a person kicks with their left leg twice, and then once with their right.
waving hands in and out.
a man shrugs his shoulders then takes a step back before waving with his left hand.
a person walks forward and to the right.
walking in a straight line
walking backwards very quickly.
person jumps to side with legs and arms then squats a few times with arms raised
a person who sits down on there knees
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle while bent forward at the waist, and holding their left leg with both hands.
a person is climbing up a ladder and cleaning
the person to march forward and turned right.
a person stiffly walks forward and backwards.
a person is in a fighting stance with their legs spread and fists raised. they hop forward and kick out with their right foot before returning to their original position.
a person pers someing with left hand then scratches something with right have and then steps backwards
a person that picks up a item lifts it to the left and places it back down in the same position
a person dribbles a ball with one hand then the other and proceeds to shoot ball into goal with both hands.
person was walking down the path around things.
standing on one foot.
person puts both hands clasped together stomach height then puts both hands bent onto sides  of their body
a person bends down as if pushed.
a man holding his partner dances in a counter counterclockwise direction while facing forward.
person is reaching down.
a man steps forward, then picks something up with his left hand, then with his left hand, brings them close together, and sets them back down in the same order.
a person walks forward and jumps over an object, then turns around to jump over it again and walk back.
a person dancing and spinning side to side.
person standing with both feet firmly planted on the ground upper body moved very slightly
person squats then rotates a quarter of the way counterclockwise.
a person slowly walked forward
a person stands still for a second and then takes a step back with their left foot.
a person stands still for a moment, and then staggers forward.
a man holds left hand to left side of head and begins panting like he's out of breath.
she jumps up and down, kicking her heels in the air.
a person is performing a ballet dance.
person walks forward then turns to their left and carry on walking then stop
a person walks with side steps to the left and then walks forward, then turn around and walks back
a person walks quickly in a diagonal direction for 8 steps and then turns to walk in the direction they came from.
the person was pushed but stayed standing.
person runs backwards performing an a like pattern
a person walking down and taking a right turn
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides, turns and steps backwards, jogs forward six steps, turns 180 degrees and jogs four steps, then stops and resumes his original position.
the person was running forward.
a person walking forward, turning around, and walking back.
a man raises his right hand to this face then lowers it back down.
a man takes sideways steps to his left, then immediately takes sideways steps to his right back towards his original position.
a man does a box step waltz backwards.
a person walks in an s shape pattern.
a person stands with legs shoulder-width apart, slightly bent at the knees, arms outstretched at shoulder height, lowers right arm for several seconds, then brings with arm back to shoulder height.
a person runs forward to throw with the left arm
a person walks in a right diagonal then stops with hands slightly raised.
a person slowly walks forward
a person jumps up and down.
a person is stumbling forward.
the person right of the dumbbell over his head.
a man raises his hands over his head, and to the sky. his lips move so as to mouth the words "ascend."
a person jumping over a puddle
the person sat down and crossed his legs.
the person is doing a pectoral warm up.
a person picks up something with his left hand and walks forward.
person seems to be exercising by bending at the knees and walking forward
he is self balancing while walking through a narrow bridge.
person walks on hands and knees then stands up.
a person sidesteps to their right.
a person is doing jumping jacks.
a man jogs forward a few steps, walks back to his spot and squats down.
a person stretching their left arm
person walks five steps forward whilst holding left hand extended to the left hand side holding onto something
a person goes into a ducking position like they are shielding themselves from something
a person turns to his right and kicks something with his left foot.
peron moves forward with arms shoulder height then fully turns arms to the back and moves further forward then turns to side and moves back quickly
a person slowly walked forward and returned
a man raises his left hand to his head then lowers it back down.
a person placing something from right to left
stick person is spinning in circles with arms flaling around and hopping or skippinh to the right
the person uses their arms to warm up
a man side-skips from right to left repeatedly.
a person holds their head with both hands then bats away something with their left hand.
a person puts their hands together, leans forwards slightly then swings the arms from left to right
figure stands, turns right and walks, stops, turns left and walks, turns right and stops halfway, turns forward, and then stands.
the man throws  both hands
a person walks in a circle continuously.
the figure curls its arms outwards from its chest, it lowers its arms in the motion towards its groin and then raises them upwards at head level.
a person lowers their hands then waves and waves again then waves in a wider motion.
a person walks forward and rubs an object in front of them with their left hand.
the person picks something up with his right hand, pulls something towards him with his left hand, wipes it off, and puts it down in his right hand.
a person does a jump
a person steps forward with their right foot, then walks backwards and to the right and steps back with their left foot, then repeats the motion.
the person starts by sitting and dials with their left hand then holds the phone with their right and starts by turning in their chair, before standing up walking to the right around the back of the chair then sitting down again.
person aims and throws a baseball
this person walks forward, swats then walks back.
person takes a quick step forward
the man touches his head with the right hand then the left.
walking in a circular motion.
figure walks forward, raises foot to step up and over, uses other foot to drop down, walks forward and stops.
a person steps forward, turns around to his right, and steps back and stops.
a man is crossing his arms in front of him and then swings them side to side and then up and down.
the person is sat down and their arms are shaking
the man performed a tennis smash that won the match.
a person jogs in place
a person in a t shape, bends down to the left and back up.
a personnlfots their arms up and down then appears to type something.
a person stands and looks over their left shoulder behind them.
a person raises both arms to his face, then drops them back to his sides.
a person walking side to side.
person walks forward with right hand extended to side, trying to feel something.
the person walks forward slowly.
the person is shivering and then rubbing their hands together to stay warm.
the person steps a little wider than shoulder width apart first with their left foot, then with their right before squatting 4 times.
the person is doing something at the counter and moving it to the left.
a person throwing an object ( a ball) in a pitching stance using the left arm.
a person standing in place boxing
a person bends down and crawls to the right.
person is doing some 90's dances
ther person walks forward and leans down to pick something up.
walks forward, turns around, and walks back.
the person is running forward.
a person walks briskly forward, swinging arms to his side.
a person steps forward, turns around and walks to the back.
a man movea his left hand as if to wipe down a tabletop.
using their right hand, the person holds the neck of an air guitar, and with their left hand, they make strumming motions.
the sim appears to walk forward bend slightly grabbing an object with their right hand.
a blue and red person lifts arms up to waist level and twist to the  red side, left side at waist level
the person is standing up being flexable
a person holds their arms out to each side, teetering them up and down slightly. then, they begin to rotate their arms in slow, wide circles,
person moves forward to their right side and picks something up and does a full turn back
a man walks forward with arms relatively stiff at sides.
the person is walking forward.
a person throws and object and then catches another object
a person standing on one foot holds their left hand up while moving their right foot in a side to side motion.
a person throws a shotput.
a person walks forward carefully placing one foot directly in front of the other foot.
a person throwing a punch upwards similar to a uppercut motion
the stick figure is walking in form of a back wards letter j.
a person walk forward cautiously with their hand against a surface.
a person walks forward and picks things up and puts them down with their hands.
left hand circular motion medium speed
the person crouches and walks forward.
a man picks up an object moves it a few inches to the left then places it back down
with his right foot behind him, a person bends his right leg at the knee and moves his body in that direction as if warming up for a sporting event.
a person standing with his arms by his sides turns to his left and takes four steps, turns 180 degrees and takes five steps, turns 180 degrees again and takes two steps, stops and faces forward.
a person doing karate type motion forward and then backwards
person is in t stance, brings arms in, then returns to t
a man brings his hands down to his thighs, standing with his knees bent, before extending his arms to either side and then bringing them back down to his thighs.
raising and lowering arms.
a person walks while dragging his feet.
a person running in a line
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides takes two steps forward, angles to his right as he continues walking and then stops.
a person slowly walks in a 3/4 circle.
person walks forward and picks something up with both hands
person stands still with both arms raised at shoulder height
a person stands still and does not move.
a figure does a standing sprint
person is performing golf motion
the sim appears to be using their right hand to wipe or wash a window.
a person with its hand raised, gets down on to its knees.
a person walks forward, and repeatedly reaches down then shakes something
a person who is prone pushes himself up off the ground using his arms and propping himself with his knees before standing awkwardly in a ready to wrestle position.
a person kicks with their left leg.
a man walks forward and raises both his arms and then drop his arms .
the person is boxing with the left arm.
a man sways side by side with arms out
a person is crouched and stands then resumes the crouched position.
a left handed golfer takes a golf swing.
person is walking forwards quite fast, then squats down to pick something up to then turn around and walk fast again. appears to be in a rush and moving an item
a person walks turning to the left.
person stands there and looks around.
a person slowly walked backards and returned
person puts hands on head then chest then knees then toes
it is a person walking backwards.
a person walks quickly forward, moving at a slight angle to the left
this person steps forward and grabs an item then moves his left arm up and down.
he walks then runs forward
a person acting like a tiger
a person steps back putting hands on hips then steps forward with the left leg then turns in a circle and steps with right leg forward.
a person is wrinkling a paper in their hands and moving their feet from side to side
a person walks in a counter counterclockwise circle.
subject walks in a full circle, then side steps to turn around and walk around something to avoid running into.
a person who seems to evade something from their right side and run at a insane pace
the person pats something in front of them.
the person is holding onto to handrails.
a person moves an object from a position on his right to a position to his left.
from a standing position a man spreads his legs widely.
a man stretches his arms out, then moves his left arm back and forth.
a person slowly walked forward
a person walks and turns right to walk back.
the man holds something above his right shoulder and rubs it with his left hand.
a person is drinking from a glass.
a person walks straight, takes a half turn to the right, walks and then stops
a person stands still with their arms stretched out.
a person is excersising using arms and legs
person walking in an s shape
a person jumps while spreading legs apart and swinging arms out and above the head, then back down again.
person was waving with his left arm.
the person is waving at someone with the left hand.
this person is bent forward and moving hands very quickly.
the person gets on the ground, crawls, and gets back up and returns to their original position.
a person doing a spesific moves with legs and hands while doing boxing
a person is walking slowly in zigzag
a person lowers and walks on all fours to the left.
a man lowers his arms, then moves something in front of his face.
a person pull down the hands and start to make a circle
the person takes a swing with the baseball bat
a person walks forward but slowly curves towards the right as they are walking and then stops.
a person is practicing karate moves across the floor
a person sits cross legged then stands up
a person steps up and left in one motion.
a figure walks forward in a zig zag pattern, stepping over something along the way
a person is pushed by their right arm while walking forward.
a person crosses their arms, then has their arms angrily at their sides.
a person does a swinging golf club motion
a person slowly walked forward
a person runs forward quickly, stops on their right foot, then runs in a different direction.
walking from side to side.
person is clasping hands together in a forward and back motion whilst being stood upleft
a person tip toeing forward.
a man takes a big swing with his arm.
a man jumps once and then wobbles a little while moving legs apart.
the person is walking forward.
a person walks straifht forward with head bent forward.
the person picks up the bottle of shampoo to wash the dog
a person repeatedly lunges forward and lifts their left armin front of their face.
a person walks backwards and then stops.
person is sprinting to their left
a person stands in place and then steps sideways to the right.
a person punches right, left, and then right again.
a person strolls forward towards the left
a person steps forward with their left foot, then steps with their right foot, does a 180 degree turn to the right on their right foot, steps forward with their left foot and right again.
a man shifts from foot to foot then reaches upward with his left two times in different directions each time.
a figure raises their left hand in a sweeping motion
a man lifts heavy object and places it on a surface.
[from 0s to 5s] a person performs a ballerina balance pose, first on their right leg, before centralising and swapping to their left.
person moves forward six steps then stops
man extends left arm directly in front of him, moves it in front of his body from right to left and back down
a person puts one hand on their hip and the other in the air, then raises and lowers both arms together
a man right steps, then left steps, turns counterclockwise, right steps, then left steps back full circle.
a  person doing a limping walk, taking proper step with the left foot and limping with the right
person walks to the right of the screen and starts pacing
a man lowers his arms, then looks to his right and left, then moves his head in a circle.
a person does a jumping jack
a red a blue stick figure takes even steps walking forward starting on the left foot.
a person is standing with slightly bent knees, then raises left arm to the side and holds for 8 seconds
he turns right then stops
person is walking while kicking out legs
the sim appears to be standing an object onto their left side.
he lifts dumbblell with two hands
the man walks in a clockwise semicircle.
a person feeling the back of their head.
a person stretches out their left arm.
person swings their left arm and then has an injury on the elbow.
a person is pushed hard to their right and they recover into a standing position.
a person lobs tennis balls with their left arm.
a person bent slightly over and picked something up with left hand and turned to left and  shaking item, looks as if is cooking and adding items to a pot of water.
a man walks slowly forwards.
a person appears to be dancing.
the figure takes a few steps forward before pick something up turning around and walking back to where they were and crouching down to pick something up.
a man stands in a squatting position while facing the camera, arms out wide to his right and left, then brings his arms down to his sides, and returns them to their outleft position after pausing.
a person is lifting weights
the person is having a discussion.
the person is rotating both of his arms forward.
a person walks forward, leans over an object, then stands back up and walks backward.
a figure boxes left to punch twice.
person walks up the stairs
the person was jogging in place.
a person swings their right arm in a circle forward, then swings it backwards in a circle.
a person raises their left hand to the side of their head.
a person walks forward with exaggerated backward kicks with every step.
a person kneels on both knees then stands into an upleft position.
a figure walking in a straight line, swinging their right arm far greater than the left arm.
a person standing and acting like a chicken.
a person walks over and across a beam.
the person is walking backwards and then forwards.
a man takes small steps backwards and forwards, sits cross-legged on the ground, then returns to a standing position.
person walking very slowly towards something
the man is doing jumping jacks
a person swings something with both hands
the man is boxing upwards
a person walks from the right hand side to the left hand side in a waving path and then stops while facing towards the left.
a person performs a typical broadjump.
the person is getting ready to watch tv.
a person raised his hand, and leaned it near to face
a person strafes to the left.
a person walks forward with their right leg limping.
person slides backward to take a seat, drinks something and then puts the cup back
a man slowly sways from side to side, sightly bending his knees.
the person is walking in a counter counterclockwise circle.
a man walks unsteadily forward then turns around and walks back
the person is cleaning something.
a person jumps forward once.
a person stretches his shoulders and arms with help from the opposite hands
a person slowly walks in a clockwise circle
a man does a push up and then uses his arms to balance himself back to his feet.
a person steps carefully while walking forwards.
a person is clapping his hands.
a figure claps around shoulder height
a person moves side to side in a zig-zag fashion backwards.
person opens something on the middle shelf, takes something from the top puts it on the ground, then takes something from the ground then puts it on middle shelf.
person standing raises left knee upward, then puts foot back down.
a person takes a step then moves their left hand to the right side in a grabbing motion, and then takes a step lower.
a person clas their hands out in front of them, drops them, then repeats.
raising hands above head and stretching.
person is takign something throwing it then backing up.
a standing person holds their left hand out in front of them, palms facing outward, and moves it in swiping motions from side to side and up and down.
a man dodges something to the right, then the left and then the right again.
a person sits down on something and then stands back up
a blind folded person walks around.
a person walks forwards casually.
the person is playing peekaboo.
a person grab with hands something and carries over to the other place
a person clasps their arms after shifting temporarily to the left.
pacing back and forth from right to left.
a person stretches both their arms and holds the left arm up for a while and then stretches both arms again.
figure seen walking in place lazily.
sits down than brushes off knees
a man moves his upper body and then his lower body.
person runs in place, stops, then runs in place again. he crouches down and creeps forward starting with his right foot.
a person sitting down on something
the person was laying  down and then they got up.
person walks forwards casually then stops
a person walks forwards, grabs something with his left hand, and walks backwards
the man is moving his arms
a person walks quickly straight forward.
a person walks forward, raises his left arm in front of him, then lowers his arm and walks backwards.
a person lunges forwards on their right leg, stands, and lunges on their left leg.
the person raises their right foot up to their kinee and then kicks their foot out,  then returns their foot to their knee.
a person side steps to the left and then stands up straight.
a man lifts each knee to his elbow multiple times and then does a squat.
a figure speedily swings its arms first in a counterclockwise motion then backwards in an anti counterclockwise motion while slightly facing to the left
the person is sweeping the floor.
a person steps back and sits down, then stands back up again and walks forward
a person facing forward takes a large step to their right, they turn their body to the left while kneeling down and crawl across the floor to the edge of the mat and face forward.
a seated person motions in a "come here" movement with their left arm
the person goes for a short jog
a person walked in a clockwise circle.
person walks backwards quickly, then stops.
this person walks forward, grabs something with his left hand and walks back then repeats it.
a person is crouched down and walking around sneakily.
a person stands still then they throw a football
the man stretches his arms.
a person taking something from a shelf.
the person walked forward and leaned over the table.
the person holds something up to their face.
a person is raising their arms in the air with their legs bent as if lifting weights.
both arms raise to the left, hit throw
figure appears to be urinating
a man swings his arms to pick up a bucket and pour it out.
someone dusts a picture hanging on the wall with a cloth in their left hand, steadies the picture with their right hand, then finishes dusting it, and finally dusts all the way around the sides of the frame.
a person sits down, rests their hands on their knees, and then stands back up.
a person runs forward with one leg crossing in front of the other repetitively before coming to a stop.
jumping up and down.
the person is walking and making a left turn.
a person lunges over and gets back up.
a standing person leans forward and down then back up placing both their hand up infornt of their chest then elaning forward and down
a person lightly kicks something with their left leg.
person is running in place and then stands still
the man stads still twitching his thumbs.
person turns around so their back is facing the front. they then walk forward for a moment before sliding to the left.
a man walks forward then left.
a person is running rapidly.
a person balances on one foot while moving their other, and then switches.
a person waves with its left hand.
a man waves and then beckons with his left hand.
a person picks something up, tilts it, and then places it back.
the person does a couple of small kicks with his right leg
