a person walks in place.
a person stands, bent slightly forward, holds onto something with both hands and swings their arms as if they were hitting a golf ball.
a person jogs backwards, diagonally.
man walks along, then bends down and picks something up.
a person is waving with their right hand.
the person takes 4 steps forward starting with his right foot.
a person reaching down and picking something up.
thevperson walked forward turn around and went the opposite direction and then backed up.
a person hobbles around trying to walk.
a person picks something up and puts it down to the side
the man takes 4 steps backwards.
a person walks forward and climbs up two steps with both hands by their sides.
a man walks forward, picks up an object with his right hand and walks back to his position. then shakes his right hand
person begins to move forward, begins to slide or skid, recovers on right leg and continues forward
person moves leading right foot then left to complete five steps to slight left
the body climbs up something and turns back to climb down.
a person takes two steps forward, then walks sideways three steps, then walks forward diagonally and to the left three steps.
someone jumping up and down lightly.
a person walks forward carefully with arms extended.
a person walks forward in a straight line.
a person struts forward, diagonally to the left, then turns to the right.
a man lifts and bends his left leg, then his right leg.
a man holds a railing to his right while walking up stairs.
a person raises both arms above their head while standing, the fingers of both hands are touching when raised, then the arms are lowered.
this person stumbles left and right while moving forward.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle.
a person makes a step to the right.
a man walks forward and then turns to the right and continues to walk.
a person walks forward slowly, while their left hand is slightly elevated.
using both hands, a person bends over to pat the ground.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides steps forward with his right foot, kicks out with his left foot and then steps back to his original position.
the person is pacing in a diagonal motion.
a person crosses their arms then uncrosses them
the person is lifting his dumbbell while bending his legs.
person switches from doing jumping jacks to jumps with brining one of the legs forward
a person berings their left arm forward and swipes right to left
the man is moving his legs
a person wave his left hand.
a person practices throwing and object
a person idles and walks right to left and back.
the person stretched their arms while yawning in the morning
a person blows a kiss.
person is making a kicking motion
a person grabbed something and lean the hands on something
a person steps forward, reaches forward with their left arm and moves hand from right to left, then steps backwards.
person is walking like they are drunk.
a person who walked in a turn to their right
a person grabbed something with right hand and put it somewhere
a man walks counter clockwise in a circle.
a worker sits at a circuit board.
a man walks forward, turns right and walks, stops, turns around and runs, stops again to turn around and runs again.
a person spins in circles and then kicks with their right leg.
the person is doing karate moves.
a person lifts something above their head, and then places it on the ground.
person starts on ground, pulls legs towards body while pushing off hands to stand up, maintains a neutral position before sitting back down with legs extended in front.
man takes a step forward and almost falls
it is someone walking across the room.
a person is standing up with their arms out to the sides, then sits down and rests their hands on their knees.
a person moving backwards anti clock wise while drawing a line with its feat
the sim takes a jump forward.
a person does a spinning dance where both they ar they partner turn around.
the man spins around then walks forward then back
person takes one step and uses the right arm to do an uppercut boxing punch
a person stretches their arm over their head
a person crosses his arms and then drops them to his sides.
squats up and down with both hands moving in an up and down motion.
a person stretches their arms, then swings their left arm forward making a few circles
the man raises his left hand over his chest, waves out and back in toward his body, then releases it back down toward his hip.
a person bows forward to their waist somewhat slowly.
a person sitting down and keeps on clapping their hands
a figure raises both arms above head, moving hands back and forth over head.
a man is practicing the waltz with a partner
a person jumps and spins to the right while kicking
someone raises their right arm and then puts it back down
the person pick something up and put it on the right.
running forward then stopping.
a person turns to the right and brings both hands together while kicking slightly to the right with the left foot.
a person swings his arms loosely in front of him the pats his head and rubs his stomach like he was mimicking a monkey
the person is crawling.
this person looks like he’s just moving his arms a little bit.
a person walking forward then walks back
a person walks toward a right-branch in a smooth curve and stops while both arms swing very slightly.
the person pick something up from the left to the right.
a person walks in a s shape route to the left.
bending down and walking around.
a man stands, lowers his left leg and hand  first and then kneels down.
a person takes a few steps forwards then turns around and tries to jog.
a man walks from side to side while holding his right forearm with left hand, and then walks back.
person is walking with handrail assistance
a person is doing a dance.
a man gets on his knees and crawls from right to left, then stands up again.
a man stretches his arms out to the side shoulder length, then brings them in front of him with elbow slightly bent.
a person holds both arms out to the sides and sways slightly back and forth
a person walks to the right holding object on head.
the person was walking and hit his right leg and hurt it .
a person is walking forward and then swiftly turns right and starts walking sideways.
a person walks forward six steps sluggishly.
this person swings both arms as though he is doing a workout, and moves quickly with his whole body.
the sim is walking down the plane at normal rate of speed.
a person takes a few steps forwards before stopping.
this person walks backwards then turns to walk forward as if to be scary.
a person jogs on the same spot.
standing reaching forward with one arm, then with both arm makes lateral motions widening arm span out then in
a person who is standing with his arms by his sides takes one step forward, starts walking towards his right, then takes two steps to his left and stops.
a stick person stands in a wide stance and looks as if they are swinging a golf club
a person walks forward, stepping over an object, then continuing to walk and stop after.
a person ducks down to walk underneath a bar or fence in front of them. they then turn left, walk around something, then turn left again to climb up a ladder or something.
a person stretches their right arm above their head.
the person is running sideways.
a person touches something low to the ground using their right hand, then walks forward.
the man is drinking with his left hand
a person turns off the faucet then unclogs the drain out of the bathtub
a person acts as if they are washing something with their right hand.
this person zig zags forward then stops to the right.
the person is doing some jumping excercise.
a person scratches his head with his right hand.
a person walks diagonally to the left, bends over and picks up a few items, then continues walking
a person walks forward in a curve line.
a person steps backwards, then sits down, gets back up and walks to the right.
a person walks backwards slowly.
a person grabs their wrist as if to look at the time on their watch.
a person places something on the ground.
person walks over and sits down in a chair.
the person hands something to someone, then takes something with their right hand.
a person is squatting and talking on the phone with their left hand.
a person jogs in place
the person stretched his arms out to the side then brought them together and clapped his hands.
a person moves his right and left arm in the air.
a person raised the left hand and pull it down
a person jumps to the left then jumps to the right then they try to do a double jump but stumbles backwards after regaining their composure starts walking back to starting position.
a person is walking in a circle.
a person picks something up, moves to the right, and then starts wiping something with their right arm.
the person is being punched by someone.
a man raises their right hand and gestures around.
a man has picked up an object while bending down and kneeling on his right side
person was standing and straddled a chair and sat down.
a person who seems to be dodging things
a person has both of his hands on his left leg.
a person standing up flings their right arm into the air then drops it back to their waist, then flings their left arm into the air then drops it back to their waist, then rotates clockwise slightly using their hips, then kicks using their right leg.
a person standing in one spot lifts their right wrist up to their face like they are checking the time on their watch.
a person warms up on a baseball mound by doing arm exercises.
a person pumps their right fist.
the person is standing on their right leg in one spot, they raise their right hand  to create a fist and then while standing in the same spot on their right foot they lightly and slowly flap their arms like a bird
the person is jumping on their left leg.
a person places an object on the ground before running forward.
a person preparing for and then throwing something similar to how a quarterback throws a football.
the dog runs and jumps to its owner
a person is appears to be holding a broom, left hand over right hand, and sweeps toward the left, and then starts rotating to the right while sweeping toward the right.
this person walks clumsy while moving forward.
a person raises right hand to face looks around and puts hand down back to side.
a person jumps and spins in the air.
the person jumped while standing in balance.
a person stretches their arms outwards.
holding hands together, a person moves them to the right slightly while holding them in front
a person takes two steps forward, the pivots on their right foot, turning 180 degrees to the right and returning to their starting point.
a person appears to be balancing on something
someone walking forward then stop
a man crouches down on his hands and feet, then begins to stand back up.
the person holds the rail while walking up the stairs
person was pushed from the right side but didn’t fall.
a man walks forward, swinging its arm side by side.
a person is moving an object, puts the object down and turns in an adjacent movement from the object.
a person quickly puts both hands down while walking in a clockwise half circle, then climbs imaginary stairs with both arms and legs, and finally pulls his head above his arms using his hands.
person holds right hand to mouth and swings left arm before bouncing with both arms facing out happily
the man is sitting then lays down.
he claps around a lot
a person walks in a clockwise quarter circle.
a person walks in a circle clockwise.
a person runs forward and then stops
a person stands still and then moved shoulders back as if they were pushed.
a man lifts and lowers his arms as they are folded inward and does so again as he extends his arms.
a person is waving their right arm up and down and then side to side.
person picks up phone and starts talking, then puts phone back down
a man steps forward holding an object to his head with his right hand.
a person is running in place.
person moves their body and kicks with right foot forward
a person slightly crouches down and walks forward then back, then around slowly.
a man steps backwards slowly.
person looks to his right, then to his left
a person turns facing their side, then does three rows with both arms, then turns back to start position.
a person dances around and punches both of their arms out individually.
the figure walks in a clockwise circle, stopping at their starting point.
a person jumps forwards and turns left in mid air.
the man was down on his knees and come back up and has a standing position.
someone lifts something up with both hands, dumps it out on the right side, and then sets it back down.
a man picks up an object with both of his hands on his right side and then places it down on his left side.
a person gets in starting position to run a sprint running race.
a person is doing jumping jacks
a person sways side to side with their hands on their hips, then checks their watch.
the person is moving around both arms.
a person takes a large step forward with their right leg.
person is playing the guitar
a person sitting down with their hands in their lap.
the person is casting a fishing line
a man takes a step back with his right foot, and makes a throwing motion with his right hand.
spinning arms in a circular pattern then walking forward.
a man touches his face with his right hand.
a person is slowly walking forward with big steps, stops then turns around anticlockwise and starts to walk back
a person turns counter clockwise and walks backward, then turns clockwise and stops.
a person is waling backwards.
a person starts with arms up then leans forward with arms down then outstretched.
a man walks forward than backwards while moving his arms.
a person raises their hand to their face then claps.
the person walks to his left, walks back to his right, and turns back to his left again and returns to his original position.
putting hands above head and swinging
person walks forward and scratches leg
the man stretches from side to side then swings his arms in a stretching motion.
figure walks forward then zags to left before walking right.
a person is running to the left
a person is sitting on the ground, scratches their head and looks around.
a person quickly paces while looking down.
a person stretching by closing fingers together and putting arms above head and leaning backwards and swinging a little side to side with arms outstretched.
a man raises his right arm then brings it back down.
he does a sweeping directlyy
person stands and holds hips moves left to right  raises left and right arms and walks forward
the man is picking up things
a man sidesteps from the right to the left multiple times.
a person jumps forward, turns around 90 degrees to their right and jumps again, they turn again 90 degrees to their left and jump back to their starting position.
a person kneels three times to the right
a person steps back slightly.
a person touches his chest with his right hand and then lowers his hand.
standing on one leg and swinging it.
person crosses right arm to left shoulder then places hands in from of them, then drops hands, raises them again in a pulling motion.
the person raises his right arm like a u-shape twice and then raise a little bit in a shoulder level but in bend position then stop.
persons grabs something and rotates it
a person balances on their left foot with their right leg stretched to the right, then brings their right leg close to their left foot.
a person brings their right hand up to their face with the palm facing forward as if examining it and then brings their arm back to their side.
the person is working on an assembly line pulling something from the right to in front of them.
a person throws something hard with their right arm.
a person swats at something
a person taking steps to the right and left.
walking forward and then bending down.
the person is walking downstairs.
person sat down on the ground.
someone crawls across the floor then stands up.
a person lifts a weight with their right hand
a person walks with a limp leg.
a man takes an object from his side and places it next to his head.
the man is doing low kick
a person is mixing something around with their hands.
a man walks forward briskly, with arms swaying at his sides.
this person walks forward then stops and waves his right hand in circles.
a person lifts their arms to to strum an imaginary guitar.
a man brings his arms down, turns to his left and walks, then turns around and walks again, turns and continues walking, then turns one final time as he stops in a standing position.
a person is standing still before. pushing and object with both hands three times, making a cranking motion with their right hand, before pushing the object once more.
a person walks and turns to his left.
a man starts off in an up right position with botg arms extended out by his sides, he then brings his arms down to his body and claps his hands together. after this he wals down amd to the left where he proceeds to sit on a seat
a man is crouching and moves both of his arms.
a person strolls back and forth in a room
a person continuously walks forward.
a person jumps and spin in the air.
a person jumps in the air.
a person walks forward one foot in front of the other until he loses his balance and tilts far to the left then stumbles to his left.
the figure walks forward a couple steps, turns right 180 degrees and then walks back to the originally starting point.
a person standing for a long time may shift his weight from one foot to another.
a person who is standing lifts his hands and claps them four times.
a person walks forward, then to the right and stops.
a person swats the air with one hand.
a person looks to the right then turns left to take a look left.
person opens a drink, takes a sip, and walks backward
a man quickly runs forward.
man steps back with his right foot, then proceeds to shift his body to the right and step forward with a wave.
figure appears to be side stepping
a man crouches and punches the air with his left hand.
a person jumped on the place
a man marches in place.
the figure is punching and kicking
someone holds their hands together in front of them and brings their right hand to their face in an eating gesture.
a man turns to the right and walks by the sides to the right and then to the left .
someone stretches both arms out to the side.
a person tells an animated story with their hands and arms.
a person stayned on the place while shaking the hands
the person walked forward and lifted some thing up turned around and walked back.
a man is waving both arms above his head 6 times.
a man jumps to his right.
a person lunges forward while extending their arms out in front, three times in a row.
lifting right leg grabbing with right arm then placing right foot on left thigh.  returning to standing position then lifting left leg and grabbing left foot with left hand
a man stands on the ground and starts doing star jumps with his hands going up and back to the middle.
a person walking to the right front , then stepping back to center, walking back to the right front again.
the man crab walks backwards and then rolls around a few times.
a person walks in a circle, clockwise..
a person slowly walks forward.
a person stands right leg forward in a karate pose, leans forward and makes a high karate kick with their left leg and returns to the karate pose.
a man walks forward a few steps, raises his left hand to his face, then continues walking in a circle.
a person slowly walked forward
a person who is standing with his hands at his sides, bends over, crosses his legs and sits down, then uses his arms to push himself up almost to a standing position.
a person does a repeated small action with their right hand, with a slight lean forward.
the body bends over to touch the toes and stands back up pushing the arms forward.
a person jumps forward slightly.
a person takes deliberate steps, some much larger steps and some much smaller steps, to cross stepping stones.
this person steps sideways to the right then steps left.
a man steps in a circular motion using both hands simultaneously to point at someone as if they are having a conversation.
a person brings their left foot up to both their hands in front of them, then crouches down while touching that foot, then bends their left knee and touches their foot with their left hand.
a figure walks forward then spins on their heel and walks back
a person is performing a lifting motion over their head
a person slowly walked forward
a person who is standing slowly moves backwards as he takes twelve careful steps and stops.
a person is flapping his bent arms like a chicken.
a person is skipping with a rope
a person jumps up once and then sidesteps left.
a man punches upwards and to the left with his left arm.
man walks forwards, pivots back in a half turn to the right, and walks back the way he came.
a person walks up, grabs an item, turns, and places it down.
moving arms near face.
person sitting tapping feet and arms driving a steering wheel
walking backwards in a diagonal line.
this person does jumping jacks then kicks with his right leg.
a man is lifting his left arm
a man reaches across his body with his right arm extended upwards and seems to be twisting something. he then takes a step backwards.
a person jumps forward once.
a person sit on the floor, while cross both legs
man walking in leaning forward position moving head from side to side.
a man is slowly moving clockwise. his right and left arms are raised to the chest as if he was ready to fight
person is doing fighting moves and exercises
figure appears to be stretching or warming up
a person walks on uneven ground whilst holding on to handrail.
a person stands still and raises and crosses arms.  he then lowers arms to his sides.
a person is doing something with both their hands.
person waves with left arm above head.
a person puts their hand to their mouth.
the person stretches their elbows
a person standing with his arms at his sides steps forward two steps, turns 180 degrees, steps forward two steps and stops.
a person is slowly walking forwards
a person bends over to begin charging forward, turns around with arms raised, and charges back to original position.
person is marching forward in straight line
a man begins with his feet together and his hands by his side.  he jumps in the air and brings his hands together above his head and spreads his feet out to shoulder width, and then he hold his arms out to his side parallel to the ground.  he then resumes his original position and goes again.
a person underhand throws something with their right hand.
a man takes four steps fowrad.
a person, while standing in still, starts to fold arms, pauses shortly and releases them.
a man lifts an object and realized that he hurt his right arm so he grabs it with his left hand.
a man dances by himself using both arms and legs.
a man swimming using both hands together while kicking his feet in unison.
the person walks forward very slow
a person is running forward.
a figure throws out a foul ball with their right arm.
a quarterback will throw a football to another team member in hopes to score a touchdown.
the person is focusing a camera on someone.
the person is doing a salsa dance.
the person stands still while crouching.
this person takes two steps forward, spins then takes two steps back.
a person walks in a sneaky way forwards.
person is practicing tennis techniques
a person is walking forward, spins around on their right foot, then walks back to where he came from
a person backs up and then sits down placing hands on legs.
a person doing a standing up dog impression
a person stands straight and stretches/rotates their neck in a counter-clockwise motion.
a person careful walks forward while balancing on a hand rail and then turns and walks left.
a person with their hands on their hips, and their legs slightly spread apart, and bending up and down slightly.
a man walks forwards carefully with wide and uneven steps.
person walks forward and raises right hand.
a person steps forward, sits down, taps feet together while rubbing hands together.
a person seems to hold an object at chest height and rubs it with their right hand.
in a marching motion, the figure takes 6 steps fowards, slightly moving towards the right.
man walks raising hands up
a person takes one step, pivots around counter-clockwise with the left foot on the second step, keeping the right foot up, then takes three more steps.
a man sits down and then stand back up.
a man kicks with something or someone with his left leg.
a person does a round house kick
a person is walking straight, picks something up with their right arm, and then walks back, repeating this another time.
this person stands up and appears to be talking on a phone.
walking in a circle with hands up.
a person first winds their left arm up, then both at the same time.
someone walks forward and then jumps up.
a person quickly drops his hands to rest on his upper thighs.
a person walks forward a few steps, and then he walks up a staircase.
the person makes a right turn.
moving hands around near face.
a figure puts their hands into a praying motion then out his arma back at his side.
a person raised the hands and shaked it on head
the person is walking towards the right.
man going for a short run then turning around and going back.
a person walks to a window and looks around.
a person walks forward and sits on something.
a man steps forward vigorously and then kicks something low with his right leg.
a person brings their arms up as if to hug their torso.
a man stretches his arms, and pauses to hold the position.
person walks quickly forward for 2 strides then stops.
a person is sitting down and moves their right hand in a circular motion then looks down and lowers their arms.
a person slowly walked forward
a person runs forwards, stops momentarily, and then begins to run forward again.
a person runs, stops, then runs again.
a person walks up straight ahead, takes a right turn and walks further until the next right turn.
a man walks forward, turns and does a flip.
a person kicks something with is left foot.
a person walks forward with a large object in their hands, puts the object down and continues to walk forward.
the man is bouncing a basket ball and then loses the ball.
kicking back with right foot then the left foot, one at the time
a man swings his right arm in a curling motion towards his body, and he then proceeds to swing the same arm in front of his body.
a person stands in place, crosses their arms and then puts them down by their side
a person bends down and picks something up and then sets it down
a person is waving with his right hand.
the person is warming up for a workout
a figure waves its arms, like it's stretching before working out, then claps its hands
a person raises their arms above their head kicks with their left leg.
a person turns their left palm upwards and lifts it towards their face and drops it back down again.
a person moves their hands back and forth as if using a broom.
a person steps forward and does a handstand, then returns to a standing position.
a person was runnin by making the circle and return
stick figure rotates counter clockwise walks backwards and then sits down
this person walks forward then skips then continues to walk.
a person runs forward then trips on something and tries to balance back while still running.
person walked from one side to the other.
a person is walking in a clumsy motion.
a person raises and lowers their left hand.
a person jumps forward once.
a person raises an object up and looks up at it.
a person standing still lifts their right arm to their mouth.
the person is walking around the room.
someone playing a sport or hitting a volleyball
jumping up and down with arms away from hips
someone walks forward at a casual pace.
a man walks forward, does two kicks to the side and then one kick to the front.
person looks like they're lifting weights
a person walks forward placing their right hand against something as they do.
a person steps up onto something, moves something from his left hand to his right, and starts rubbing something.
a person is walking in a line.
a person is walking loosely in a big counter- clockwise circle and swinging their arms.
a man walks and turns to the right.
a person raises his left arm above his head and returns his arm to his side.
a man gently hops but never leaves the ground.
this person jumps up and down on his right leg.
a person twists their ankle
a person has their forearms raised in front of them, then lowers them.
a person rings doorbell with right hand.
a person from a t pose walking and then sitting down
a person moves their right hand to the left and right as if showing something to people, then moves it up and down.
a man appears to be mixing something.
a person is walking very slowly forward and seems to be having trouble with bending both knees.
a person is doing basketball signals
walking from left to right to left then back to right
a standing person places their right foot forward and the their left pushing up as if they are walking on stairs
a person gestures with both arms.
a person spins their arms around, then mid section, and ends with spinning their feet around.
the person uses their arms to sort through the pile of clothes
person is jumping in same spot.
this person is seated and appears to play the drums.
the person was walking with a handbag on his shoulder.
a person bringing both arms up like a t shape and then putting them back together then dropping them down.
the body side steps one foot over the other in a counterclockwise circle.
a man carefully and slowly walks across a room.
the person is doing knee lifts.
person is walking then turning around and walking back.
a person walks left and right as if they are nervously pacing.
a person walks backwards slowly
a person walks forward slowly, using one hand at a time to pull themselves forward or keep their balance.
a person jogs and stops.
a person picks something up with both hands, moves it to the side, and then places it back down.
the man takes 10 normal step.
a person lifts his right and left hand.
a person taking one step backwards and leaning on a wall to squat down once to final return to his original spot.
person is walking forward like a robot
the man is moving his arms
a person walks straight backwards.
a person is walking around.
a figure steps forward to shake hands with it's right hand, steps slightly to it's right to clasp with both hands and shake, then moves to it's right several steps to shake hands with it's right hand again.
the person moved his arms straight out to the side and then put up over his shoulders.
this person bends at the knees with arms up at his head as if the bench weights.
a person picks something up and pours it out then sets it down again.
a person (likely female) is dancing with her arms and lifting her left leg up at the end
a man is sitting down and moving his hands
this person walks forward, turns then walks back.
a man is walking around in a circle.
the person is walking slowly or actingl ike a zombie.
a man looks behind him then turns 90 degrees.
a person uses both of their hands to curl an object 5 times at the same time.
a person is slowly shuffling side ways leading with their left leg.
person walks while putting right hand on the wall.
someone walks down a sidewalk and slips
a person dances on the spot while waving their right arm in the air, then poses with legs splayed and arms outstretched
a person steps forward and makes a side-to-side and an upward swatting motion with their right hand.
a person turns round 180 degrees in a clockwise direction then appears to open a ring pull can and drink out of it.
a man crouches, stands back up, scratches his head, and crouches again.
a man walks towards the right.
a person has right arm straight to side, and is trying to kick something with right leg
the person is jogging on the treadmill.
the person is walking around in a circle.
a person jumping up and forward
a man swings his arm across his chest
a person starts walking with their right foot first and takes eleven steps forward.
a person sits down and crosses their legs, before getting up and sitting down on the ground cross legged.
the person walks backwards carefully
person slowly bending and unbending his right hand in a various motions while the rest of the body keeps straight and steady.
a person walking forward upstairs.
the person is walking diagonally placing something on the ground.
a man touches his right knee with his right hand, and then he walks forward a few steps.  he then turns around and walks back to where he started, except he is now facing the opposite direction.
walking backwards and then stopping
this person is walking backwards diagnolly.
a person throws something with their left arm.
a man walks forward 2 feet and then turns to walk back.
a person walks in a circle to their left.
a person slowly walked forward
a person is doing a dance.
the toon runs then jumps.
the person is doing the sign of the cross.
he walks from one side to the other
a person walking in a straight line
a person lifts something up with both hands, then sets it down slightly to their right.
the man moves forward and puts his arms down
a person raises and then lowers their right hand.
a person turns to their left, walks forward then turns back around and walks halfway back to their starting point before stopping.
person stumbles back and regains balance
person picks up drink with left hand, takes a sip, and puts it down with right hand
person is acting like human dog.
a person is walking and then turns around and walks back
a person walks from back to front, hops on right leg and then stops.
a person starts in a stand up position, turns around to be seated, and then adjusts his seating a few times
the man has his hands on his knees then raises them, with elbows bent, to beside his head then back down to his sides.
a person does 2 jumping jacks.
a person walks forward at medium speed.
a perosn walking forward starting with his right foot, lifing his left foot higher then his right.
a person make a foul shot with a basketball and then makes a pass with a football.
a person walks forward. uses a fairly wide stance, looks aggressive and dominant
a person walks backwards, turns around and walks backwards the other way.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides walks forward, walks up four steps and stops.
a person slowly leans back to the right and then lifts their left shoulder upwards.
the person is walking to the left holding onto the handrail.
man reaches right arm down towards left leg then left arm down to right leg; creates stirring motion in the air with right arm and reaches left arm down to right leg and right arm down to left leg.
the person is pretending to be a chicken.
a person raises both arms up to a 90 degree angle and twists at the waist
a person takes two long strides forward, pivots swiftly on their left foot, and then walks the other way.
this person side wide to the left while looking around carefuly.
person takes two steps forward, spins on heels, and takes two steps back to starting point.
the person jogs in place
person lifting dunbells with both hands
a person leans to the left and raises their right arm over their head, then leans to the right
a person walking slowly forward with confidence
a figure seems to be playing golf and preparing to golf swing
a person walks a couple steps forward at a steady pace and then stands still once their done walking.
a person is sleepwalking in a zigzag pattern.
a person leans forward, extends his right arm to brace himself, gets down on both of his knees and picks something up with his right hand.
a person walks forward while keeping both arms to their side.
a person is running then takes big leap.
person stumbles with unsteady gait as walks in a clockwise circle
a person is pushed backwards from the front.
a person walks a curved line in a very stiff manner.
someone raises their right leg and extends it then lowers it
a person starts walking and turns to his right.
a person stand center of square and proceeds to push both arms up over the head and back down several times as if lifting a barbell weight
person has hands up in front of face
person walks quickly down a short incline
person is walking in a clockwise circle
a person walks in a counter clockwise circle.
a person walks towards a ladder then climbs it when he reaches the top he picks up a object with his right hand
person is on their knees.
a person walks up stairs while holding the rail.
the person was shaking hands with someone.
person is throwing a ball or other object
spinning body from side to side while raising arms.
a person standing with his hands by his sides takes a huge side step forward.
person stands feet apart with arms out to side then steps back with the left leg with left arm to side then right leg back into a normal upright position
rhe man dances around waving his arms and kicking his legs.
a man is walking forward and jumps after.
a person runs in a large clockwise half circle and then returns to the starting point.
the figure looks like it is picking something up and raising it above its head twice.
the person is kicking with his left and right foot.
a person jumps backward.
a person walks confidently in a anti clockwise circle
a person who is poised to run steps to his left with is left foot and dashes to his right.
a person walks at a moderate pace.
the person takes several steps quickly.
someone is sitting down on a large throne and then getting back up
in there is a person stand behind it
a person sits, knees bent, legs crossed in front of them, twist their upper body to gain momentum, to forcefully throw with thei right arm before standing.
a man leans across his table, craning his neck to the left, so as to better see the kitchen from his position.
a person makes a shaking motion in front of their face with their right hand and then makes the motion of picking up an object and taking a drink with their right hand.
a person scratches head with right hand.
a person is bent forward and swats at something on the ground with their right hand.
the person walks forward with their right hand raised, then sways with both hands raised.
the person appears to stumble backwards.
this person stand stills and uses his left arm as if to clean a counter.
a man swings a gulf club.
a person slowly walked backward by back
a man walks to the left to pick something up, then returns to his place to mix something together.
person stands with arms and legs apart.
a person walks a few steps, then loses their balance and waves their arms up while moving to the side, then takes a few more steps.
a person walks forwards and turns around on their left foot.
a person pours something into an object and then steps backwards.
a person takes a quick step backwards and to their right.
a man picks up a flat object with both hands and places it on the left side.
a person walks straight backward.
a person slowly walks backward in a straight line.
a person is playing the violin.
person runs forward and then jumps forwards with both feet and lands on two feet
a person is in a fighting stance and moves across the room.
the person is scratching head.
a man walks to the edge of the cliff, swings back the fishing pole, then forward sending his fishing line real far into the ocean.
a person with there knees bent and their arms out in front of them throws awkward punches with their arms
a person walks forward, turns around then walks back.
person walks forward as though walking on a runway, turns and walks back
a person bends down, picks something up, then moves their hand around and sets the item down
a person lowers their right hand to in front of their chest, moves it around a little and then raises their hand to their head.
a person uses their left arm to smack someone across the face
using hands to wipe something
a person raises their hand, turns to their right while waving, and then stops and lowers their hand.
a man raises his arms then walks across a room.
a standing person suddenly staggers to the left in a large sideways step, using their arms to steady their balance.
the person walks around in a circle with their elbows bent inward slightly.
an animal uses both of its hands to eat food
a person walks on a balance beam, briefly losing his balance, regaining his balance, and he continues on.
a person bends over to loosen a bolt with a wrench
a person walks in a s shape.
a person walks forward, increases his pace, and then leaps in the air.
a person steps forward slightly then waves with its right hand.
a stick figure walks diagonally, then stands still.
a person jogs forward a few steps, then turns sharply to his right and continues jogging.
a man repositions objects on a shelf then steps back away from them.
a man walks forward and touches something, then backs away.
the man is eating with his finger
a person slowly moved in left direction
person kicks three times with right and once with left leg.
he walks deliberately forward with his hands by his sides with very little motion.
a person side steps back and forth jogging.
a person walks straight forward down steps.
man intertwines his fingers in front of him into a big fist then brings it up and behind his right shoulder then swings his hands out in front in a casting motion; bring his hands back to his chest and moves his right arm in a counterclockwise circular motion.
a man raises his right hand, and then brings his hands together and starts rowing by pulling his hands back. he then brings his hands down in a wavy pattern.
the person hopped a big step to the left.
a person dances around a room
the man is marching like a soldier
a person stands still with hand to the side, until their right shoulder moves in a bummped motion.
throwing something while standing.
a person steps forward and notices someone, they raise there arms and bow down in a traditional greeting fashion.
a person puts his right hand in the air and then his left.
the person looks as if they are boxing, throwing punches
a person calmly walks in a clockwise circle and returns to his original position.
the person is doing jumping jacks.
a person who is standing with his arms out and level with his shoulders drops his arms, then swings his right arm forward four times, then swings his right arm backwards four times and stops.
a person is walking around like a chicken
person walks forward with a regular stance. looks to be walking normally
the person is ice-skating backwards
a person waves with their right hand to a large group of people around them
the man is sitting down
the person is waving someone by
the person is jogging to the left in a circle.
a person that shouts and goes down to tie their laces and then get up and lifts their arms up
person walks fast five paces
a man steps backward and then puts his hands up in front of his face.
person carefully walks with right left first in a straight direction
a man leans forward, then flaps his arms like a chicken.
the person twisted slightly left then twisted back to the right bringing their left hand up diagonally and to the right near their neck.
a person is standing with a gap between their feet, extending their left hand four times at chin level, inward then back out, lowing their left hand to do the same motion at lower chest level twice, swaying their body slightly.
a person walks forward and bumps into something.
a person is walking forward, then turns to the right and keeps walking
a person walks forward, turns around abruptly, then walks back to the original position.
the person jumped vertically up.
a person lifts their hands to their face.
person stumbles to their left back diagonal.
a man is walking forward fast
a person moving to the right side turns around to touch something with right hand, then turns around again and walks, then stands and gyrates hips slightly.
a person is shaking something in their right hand, then picks up something with their left and shakes them both at the same time.
a person is walking up a flight of steps
a person takes a step forward.
this person shuffles right then walks forward and circles back.
a person stayed on the place
a person rotates both shoulders, stretches his left arm across his chest and lifts bot arms above their head.
a person steps forward and kicks their right foot sideways.
a person jumps to the left.
a person looks at something and throws it over their shoulder.
a person reaches up above his head with his right hand, makes a scratching motion with his right hand and then lowers his arm to his side.
a person takes two steps before coming to a full stop
a person holding both of there hands infront of them
person jerks both hands up and down while turning to the left and then right slightly.
person walks forward bangs head and then  sits down raises arms then gets back up
a person walks over a beam
the person picks up a cup, drinks, and places it back down.
a person bounced six times.
a person raises their left arm up
a person stretches their right shoulder back and fourth.
a figure does a dance where it waves its arms around then makes a large jump and then steps back to its original position.
a person uses their left arm to get up from a kneeling position
a person crouches down, then stands up and outstretches their arms.
someone is walking in a semicircle to the right side
a man twists his body towards three different positions and strecths his arms and back.
a person lashes out with their left hand, punching.
a person picks up an object and walks forward.
a person slowly walks to the right.
person walks forward one step and uses the italian "f-u" hand sign to end up in a gangster stance
a person quickly walks forward.
the person is throwing with a right hand.
person runs in a diagonal line.
a person looks to explain somethign to someone with hand jestures and then starts to explain a front-crawl swimming motion.
person is doing a dance
a man leans forward slightly, stands on one foot, and kicks his other foot out behind him quickly
person jogs forwards while turning slightly to the right.
the person look forward and then turned around to the left.
a person stepping back and raising arms to face in self defence.
the person is walking around.
someone is walking around in circle's
a man walks in a counter clockwise circle.
trying out my range of motion
a person holds their arms out in front of them, squats, then swivels from side to side
person leads right then left feet forward in left to right half circle then stops
a figure walks gingerly, stiffly in an arc
the person is standing up wiggling his arms back-and-forth
the person is making a gesture with his right hand.
a person squats on the ground while eating something with his right hand.
the person is walking around doing something
a person lifts object on to its side from left to right.
a person is patting something in front of him, moves it to his right and then pats something again.
a man takes 2 steps forward then leans down and wipes a surface with his left hand.
stick figure stands still taking one step forward with its hands interlocked
a person emulates a chicken by flapping their wings.
a person holds their arms up as if holding a dance partner's hand and back, then dances in a square pattern.
the person is walking forward.
walking forward in a diagonal line.
a person is acting like a monkey
the person is jumping rope backwards.
a person who is standing with his hands out from his sides raises his right arm as if looking out into the distance, nods forward and continues to look out, then drops his arm and resumes his original stance.
the person kicks their right leg, then jumps up in the air.
a figure gestures in frustration by extending then throwing down their right arm
a man takes a few steps forwards, spins clockwise twice, then spins anti-clockwise twice.
the person had his hands out to the side and put his hands down on his lap.
a person is walking very slowly forward.
a person walks forwards, and steps up and over a structure.
a man walks forward slightly swinging his arms.
the person takes the lid of a bottle and drinks it
the person is doing his exercises.
person steps to their left 2 paces and back again 2 paces, then one small side step left
a person punches forward with their left hand
a person takes a step forward, turns around and walks back behind them, then turns around to face their front.
a person shifts from right to left with hands to their face.
a person standing up squats down, by bending both knees slightly outward and raising both of their arms above their head simultaneously. then they stand up straight and complete the motion one more time.
the person flaps their arms, bending forward
a person reaches to their right, moves both of their hands together and moves them back to the left. they repeat this process once again slowly and methodically.
person is walking sideways.
a person is standing with their arms out at both sides, the person the drops the arms down to their sides.
a person looks at their left hand.
person kicks a ball far
a person is walking backward while looking at the ground.
person carefully kneels down. first with right leg, then with the left one.
a person is kneeling on his right leg whilst holding his left knee with both hands
a person is pushed from the left and recovers balance.
a person drives forward to the right and then curves to the left.
a person swims freestyle.
the figure takes a seat, appears to make a throwing motion, and then stands up.
the person walked forward and is picking up his toolbox.
a man walks forward with his right hand up against his head, then takes one step backwards.
a person walked forward in left left direction
person walks around in half circles and then feet shuffle side to side
a figure walks forward and to the left
a person lifts both hands above their head, moves both hands rapidly outwards and back to above their head, then lowers both arms.
person moves backwards. they take a few steps back
the person takes a step back with it's right foot, raising its right hand in a throwing motion similar to a baseball pitcher
a person waves his left hand while pivoting from one leg to the other then does the same with his right hand.
person is jogging with arms bent at elbows
a person who is pacing back and forth.
this person is using his arms as if to move items from right to left.
person is carefully scratching their head or ear.
a person walks forward spins to the right then walk back
a man sidesteps to his left twice, stops, then cross-steps to the right twice.
a person jogs and hops over object.
a person walks forward extremely slowly.
a person slowly walked backwards
someone lowers both hands from above his head, then taps in front of him with his right hand.
a person throws something with his right hand.
from a stationary position a person raises their right hand shoulder height and back to their side.
the person runs in a straight line at a 45 degree angle to their left.
a person walks forward and turns on their foot before walking back
a person steps backwards slowly.
a person picks something up with both hands at mid thigh height, lifts it to waist height then sets it down close to the original position
a person takes a step to his right.
a person walks around and stops.
a person walks forward turns right around and walks back.
a person slowly jumped forward
a person quickly climbs a flight of stairs.
a person bends at the knees and picks up something with both hands, before standing and placing it down in front of them.
a person walks forward, turns, then sits, then stands and walks back
a man slowly moves forward while squatting.
person walks straight then looks like it takes a couple steps up
person appears to take a cap off of something, then rubbed it on their underarms.
a man walks in a straight line.
a man is standing and then suddenly turns to look over his right shoulder.
discovery of something  unknown near the chest area
person is moving their wrists and ankles. looks like they're beginning to exercise
a person who is standing with this hands by his sides raises his arms in front of him, bends his knees and squats and rises to his original position.
a person runs and then they walk.
a person stands still and then takes one quick step forward.
the person is pushing with his left arm.
swings right arm up while left is staying still
he is moving his right hand in round motion and then touched his head with the same hand.
the person walks downstairs, gripping a railing with their left hand, and stops at the bottom of the stairs.
the person is walking forward and 10 steps.
a man standing in place shakes his body and hands close to himself, then throws both hands foreward, and then throws his right hand foreward.
a person walks turning to the left.
man moves forward, looks around, then moves right and up, looking around again.
a person who is standing with his arms by his sides does three straight jumping jacks and returns to standing with his arms by his sides.
person is walking in an unbalanced and silly way
the sim is walking with both hands on a hand rail, appearing to be walking trough a hallway grabbing both a rail with both hands again.
a person stumbles forward while maintaining his balance.
a person walks and waves their arms like a monkey.
a person is walking forward.
a man is trying to walk but stumbling and unsteady
a person creeps around slowly
kicking feet in place.
a person reaches for something then places it to the right side.;
person squats down to their knees, and then begins to crawl around in random directions. seems to be playful
a man touches his head with both hands before lowering them.
the person stars moving both hands in an up and down motion.
a person walks forward at an angle to the right, then swings their left hand.
a person runs from the top right to the bottom left of the screen.
person moves to the left aggressively, shoulder first. seems to be more aggressive
a person is getting a running start and jumping over something, turning around and doing it again.
the person was kneeling and then stood up carrying something.
a person climbs to the top of the ladder, brushes something off the top platform of it, and then proceeds to climb back down again.
he accidentalyy hurts his back
a person running to the right
a person stands while swinging their arms to the side.
a person hunches fowrad and swings their arms to act like a monkey.
a person walks backwards in a fairly straight line.
the person was pushed while walking across the balance beam.
a person does four jumping jacks then three front lunges.
the person is setting up the subject for a picture.
a person is squatting while moving their hands.
the man does a double dribble sign.
walking forward and stomping feet.
person walks in a clockwise circle.
a person dribbles ball then shoots it in the basket.
a person bends at the waist to the right.
a person brings the hands together in the center of the body, then rotates the hands to the left side, then to the center, then throws both hands into the air, separating at the top of trajectory.
a person fastly walked forward
running from side to side.
person walks in a curved line to the left then back, then they begin moving their right hand in a circular motion.
a person walks forward and stops.
a man steps backwards while raising and lowering his hands.
a man kicks to the left with his right foot and tyrns his whole body to the left.
the figure bends down on its hands and knees and then crawls forward.
a person walks in a circle counter-clockwise.
a person raises their right hand to their chest and their left hand out, then step to the left and right rhythmically.
a person stumbles to the right
person bounces a ball to their right hand side
the person is playing the violin with both of his hands
a person just walks forward in a straight motion.
a person walks in a clockwise circle and then sits down at their starting position.
a person jump ropes.
subject walks forward and stops.
a person slowly walks forward with their arms swinging gently at their sides.
a person walks along a curve
person is walking down an incline with their hands out to the side as if they were walking on a balance beam trying to keep their balance
a person sits down on the ground in lotus position then gets back up.
a person is doing a jumping jack.
a person walks in a small circle to the left.
the person cross his legs and sat down
a person hits their right foot on something while walking.
a person steps forward then turns around to walk multiple time before stopping with their back turned
person walks forward in a leftward direction.
a person gets on all fours and starts crawling around.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person crawling backwards slowly.
a person is circling to their left as they gesture in a striking motion with their right hand, then they gesture the same way with their left hand, before turning back and gesturing in an overhead throwing motion with their right hand.
person walks forward while moving hips slightly.
a person takes one large diagonal step to their front right
person stays still while their knees are slightly bent. look to be relatively still
a person kneels and strikes fist forward.
a man slowing walking forward
person walks forward, bends down, grabs two beverages, and pours them into one container.
a person stomps up some stairs
a person grebbaed something and put it somewhere
a person unzips their pants with their right hand.
a person walks around and stops.
a man walks forward with his arms at his side.
a person walks clockwise in a circle.
a walking person is pushed by an unseen force, but they recover and continue on their way.
a man jumps with both hand up in the air like jumping jacks.
standing, a person lifts his right hand over his head and stretches
a person who is walking moves forward taking six confident strides.
a person shuffles to their right, then shuffles back to their left, then shuffles to their original position, all without crossing their legs.
the person picks up the item and puts it on the other side
a person jogs forward with arms moving to his side.
the man climbs 3 tall stairs.
a person is waving their hand.
a person takes a couple of steps, grabs something then steps back
the person is standing with both hands extend to the side and slightly swaying back and forth.
a man moves arms out at his side and in front of him in a swimming motion.
a person lowers to ground and walks on all fours.
person is walking forward with their heads on the table.
a person lifts up a box on the right side and puts it on the left side
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides turns to the right as he takes four steps and stops.
a person jauntily skips forward.
a person steps back two steps and lowers to a crouch position.
a person is on their stomach turning their hand from left to right.
a person is on his knees and then gets up by pushing himself up with his right hand
a person is running quickly forward.
a person stood sideways i put his hand on his head and then turn back around forward.
a person holds right hand over left forearm, releases hand, and stands up straight with arms by his side.
the figure man is moving in a theatrical ways, hunching and walking sadly and dramatically.
a person claps their hands together
a man puts something in his hand, and puts his arm back in a throwing motion.
a person rubs their hand and then walks over and sets down an object.
person moves forward with arms moving dancing and then a turn then  walks back
a person jumps around from one foot to the other and does a backflip.
the person quickly walks forward, and picks something up.
a person steps foreward and to their right, then turns to face their left
a person paces back and forth several times from left to right.
a person heavily walks forwards.
a person holds both hands up in front of his face, and then kicks with his right leg.
a person holds both arms in front of them, bent at the elbow and jabs the air if front of them in a motion that appears to be like boxing.
walking from side to side then stopping.
a man is walking forward then steps over an object then continues walking forward.
a man lifts his arms above his head, brings them to his hips and then grabs his left forearm with his right hand.
a person kicks and punches in a manner consistant with martial arts.
a person loses their balance while walking
a person dances side to side moving their arms wide in and out.
a person walks forward, arms unmoving then they run back.
person picked an object up.
the person is is moving or eating something.
a person uses both hands to lift and move an object.
a person takes four large steps diagonally forward and stops.
a person is moving their arms to warm up.
a person walks up really fast.
a person stretches by putting their left arm over their head.
the jogs from one end to the other in a diagonal fashion.
the man stands up and walks away
a person sitting eats with their left hand.
a person gets up from a seated position and sits back down after a second
a person sat on something
person proceeds to perform jumping jacks.
the person is walking forward.
person puts right hand down then lifts left up and brings it to face.
a man holds an object to his face with both hands while moving his upper body from left to right.
person is running in left diagonal straight line
a person jumping up and down.
a person walks slowly on a treadmill
a man is hunched over with his arms bent to either side, then steps forward, picks something up with his right arm, then turns to his right and steps over to set it down on something.
a person bends their back to stretch.
a person walks several steps forward.
a person is standing and moves their arms up to their face to take a sip of something in their hand.
the person is kneeling down and looks like he's hiding.
the person has washing his left arm.
the man crab crawls across the area and back.
a person walks like a zombie.
person throws something then catches something else on the spot
a man paces back and forth along the same line.
the person is walking forward turning right
the person walks backwards, turnaround and walks backwards back to the starting point, then walks backwards in a differnet direction.
the person walks side to side
a person walks forward and stops.
the person is in a sitting position with his arms in front them when they raise their arms out to the side, lower them, and raise their arms again before bringing them back to their original position.
a person raises their arms in a large circle, then gestures with their right hand.
a person walks forward and suddenly stops moving forward and stay at the same position while moving his feet.
a person scratches their head with their right hand.
a person lifts their right arm and slaps something, then repeats the motion again.
a person walks forward then quickly shuffles to the left then walks back to the right.
the video shows stick figure moving forward using his hands and feet.
starting with their right foot, a person proceeds down a set of stairs.
the person raises its blue shoulder.
a person bends down to grab something, then moves their arm
a person lifts right arm straifht in front to chin level and back down.
a person steps forward, bends down slightly, uses right hand to pick an item and drop it to its left, and steps backward to original position.
the man stretches and kicks his left leg.
person turns slightly to left side with right hand clasped above head pushing something forward in the air  with left hand held chest height
the person was limping forward then turned around and went the other direction.
a man walks forwards and then stops.
a person quickly runs forward and stoops to pick up an object before carrying it off.
the sim takes a cross sideways step before crouching a bit sliding back and forth accross the plane.
a person carefully stepping backwards.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides takes one big step to his left.
the person steps back on their right leg before pitching a baseball forward.
a person jumps once in the air.
a man is walking with normal distance between feet and then steps forward a greater distance to step over something.
someone is running in place and then stops.
a man jumps forward once.
a person waves above their head with both hands one at a time.
a person zig zagging in line
a person with his arms up and to the side tilts his body to the right, left, to the right side, left side, and then forward, tilting his body downwards.
the body wake gracefully with arms out straight.
a person take several steps forward, pivots on the left leg, and walks back.
person moving hands in various motions
a person kneel son their right knee and then their left knee.
a person walks awkwardly forward and picks something up with their right hand.
a person has both arms raised, bending at the elbows. they lift their left hand up to take a drink.
a person turns and leans to the right while bringing up left foot to knee height, leans slightly back bringing both hands together as if holding a ball, kicks his foot and returns to original position
a person walks slightly in a right diagonal direction while holding his right arm still
a person casually walks, curving to the left.
person with weights on their hands, descends by flexing and stretching their legs
the man first stands still. he than picks up both hands and puts them into a strumming position with his left hand doing the strumming. he strums five times than places both hands back to his sides.
a man sits on something and holds it with both hands and then stands up.
throwing something with hand.
a man sits down, then raises both hands to shoulder height and lets them back down, and then rubs his belly with his left hand.
a figure carefully rolls forward on a log before putting out both arms in clelbration
the person walks backwards and stops.
a person walks forward and grabs something
a person is hunched over and looks around.
a person flaps their arms up and down while stepping around
a person leans over, grabbing object with right hand. walk over and commences rubbing motion with right hand/ arm.
a person staggers backwards and takes a fighting stance. they strafe right, block with both hands, then perform a forward lunging kick with their right leg.
a person is dancing and then twirls around.
a person gets on all fours and starts crawling.
person bends body forward then walks half circle in a clockwise direction
a person stands while lifting something.
the person is waving hi.
a person jumps with legs open while clapping with hands over head simultaneously.
the person is in the shower washing his left arm.
a bent person grabs things with both hands and walks forwards.
a person hops in place three times.
a person bent, raises both arms at the same time, lowers them and raises
it is a person opening up a chest and briefly looking inside of it, then closing the chest back.
a person walks in a circular motion anti clockwise.
a person puts both hands up forming a "y" shape with their body.
a person raised the both hands and did something
a person casually walks down stairs without grabbing a railing then stands still.
a person walks up stairs.
person is walking cautiously like they're sneaking around
a man moves his left and right arms up and down.
a person walks forward while balancing with their arms out.
the person performs a throw with his right arm
person is practicing their kicking
a person is running forward.
a person walks forward with one step and uses right hand to move an object from one spot to another in front of him and steps back to his starting position.
an individal takes side steps, crosses arms,  thenbsteps back to original poaition in-crossinf arms in pocess.
someone lifts heavy weight with their right hand using a slight bit of effort.
the man takes 4 steps backwards.
a person turns to the left, picks up an object and holds it near their head, places the object down and turns to the right.
the man is doing extra fancy charleston
a person is laying splayed face-down on the ground, and he pushes himself backward across the ground.
a person doing jumping jacks in a single spot.
a person side steps, moving one leg at a time to the left and then does the same kind of side step to the right.
a man walks forward while swinging his shoulders from side to side.
a person is walking slowly in place.
a person moves around their wrists in front of their face while coordinating with their ankles.
someone is jogging in place, waving their arms up and down and then moving in a circle.
a person moves quickly in a forward direction.
a person walks forward a few steps, then jogs a few steps with their arms loose at their sides.
a person walks forward, turns 180 degrees and walk back the opposite direction.
a person scampers forward and to his right, turns around, and scampers in the other direction.
a person walks forward, briefly sits down, and then stands and walk back in the opposite direction.
a person keeps his hands up to the sides at head level, squats almost to the floor and rises, squats again until thighs are parallel to the floor and quickly rises, and squats almost to the floor and rises.
a person moves their arms around in front of them, touching things with their hands.
a person jumps while putting both legs out and their arms up, then returns their arms and legs to a standing position
a man turns around and proceeds to take steps backwards.
a person walks forward and staggers slightly to the right.
a person walks backwards several steps.
stick figure stands an object up holding it a few seconds before setting it back down
a person is squatting and stands up with both hands in the air.
a person sidesteps back and forth then moves backward.
the person was doing a cool walk.
a person steps to the right then sits down.
runing backward on that standard place.
someone is exercising legs and arms
man lifts his right hand to his mouth
person gets down on all fours
a person is dancing, holding an invisible partner, moving from one side to another.
person moves their arms up to their breast area then spreads them out like the sign to show no.
a person punches in front of them with their right hand.
the person is walking and making a left turn.
a man standing on one leg and moves the other around
a person runs forward with arms bent at the elbow
a person waves arms above head and then left arm up followed by right arm up.
a person walks forward normally
the person is lifting the dumbbells over his head.
a person walks in a tight line (on a beam or string).
a person runs at a comfortable brisk pace.
a person takes thirteen steps backward
a person slowly walked forward in right direction
person stands with arms extended to their side then lower them then walk forward then  swing arms side to side then go to side swinging arms still then punches in front
the person is taking a cook off the shelves with his right arm.
a man kicks something with his right foot.
a person flails his arms with his left arm raised above his head and his right arm down, then moves his left arm down and right arm up and flails his arms again
the man steps in an s shape.
a person reaches up with the left then the right.
a person is walking in an unbalanced and wobbly way.
person is performing calf raises
the man is pretending to be a plane i think
a person walks forward and then gets on all fours, crawls forward and then stands up again.
a person grabbed soemthing and put it somewhere
a man does a work out. he takes a jump with hands on his side and then raising them up in the air and then come back to his normal position. he did this six times.
moving hand back and forth near waist.
a person shuffles his feet and then swings his right arm overhead.
a person hesitantly climbs a ladder
person stretches right quad with the right hand, then the left quad with the left hand, and then stretches their side by reaching the right arm to the side overhead
a person pivots on their right foot and looks to their left, turning their body.
a standing figure folds his arms across his chess, then unfolds his arms.
walks forward a few steps, then reaches the hands toward the ground and back up again to turn around and walk.
a person does a karate kick.
a person bends their arms with their hands under their armpits and flaps their arms like wings
a man grabs an object above his head with his right hand.
the figure is doing two jumping jacks.
person is facing forwards then take a step with the red foot backwards, then the blue foot, then the red, then the blue and stops
person extends arms in the air as they wave
a person sways while walking backwards.
a person has both hands together and brings his left hand to his face.
a person walks in a counter clockwise motion.
a man steps forward, swings his leg, and turns all the way around.
person is making animal like gestures
a person waves with both hands.
a person waves to a crowd as he looks to his left, right and then straight ahead.
gently swings his arms back and forth.
walking forward and having a stumble to the left
a person walking with wild legs.
a person raises their red arm and puts it back down twice.
person is doing robotic like movements
person is making attention gesture
a person walking in the straight line forward.
a person turns to his / her right then walks, then turns around and walks again before turning again and walking again.
the person is doing a warm up the back and forth.
the person is walking back-and-forth in a wiggly line.
a person slow pacing up a line.
a person side steps to the left and sits down.
a person shakes shoulders on the spot.
the person is twisting his arms straight out words.
a person walking in a curved line
a person steps backwards quickly, shakes their hands out by their side, then walks forward.
a person walks backwards in a straight line.
a man raises his right arm up to chest level, then puts it back down.
a man walks in a curved line.
person is scratching their head.
a person stands at the bottom edge of the path right in the center with a slight squat, raises both arms, places them down, then raises the right red arm and holds it there for a few seconds before placing it back down
the figure completes three jumping jacks while facing the viewer.
a person shimmies then starts exercising by lifting up their knees.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person slowly stepped backwards
the person takes 4 steps swinging their leg out for each step, on the last step its twice as far.
a man turns slightly then brings his arms up over his head and slams them down in a frustrated manner, before sweeping the air in front of him angrily with his right hand.
a man walks forward before turning around and running back.
a person fastly swimming forward
a person walks forwards, picks up something with their left hand, brings it to their face and puts it down.
a person walks is standing still and moving their arms and hands with exaggerated and fluid movements.
sit on the floor and moving the hands.
a person walks down a ramp.
a person crawls forwards on their hands and knees, turns around, then stands up and faces left.
a person gets up from sitting.
a person raises their right hand then places it back down.
a person who is sitting takes his phone out of his left pocket with his left hand and presses the keys with his right fingers.
a person walks up steps
the person is wiping something with a sponge.
a person takes a few steps, appears to be hit by something, takes a few more steps and then appears to be hit again.
a person wipes the wall or a window with something in their hand
a person walks in the shape of an s
a man steps forward, bows, then turns to his right, bows again, and then turns once again to his right.
a person acts as if they are stamping something down with both hands.
a figure slowly lumbers forward before turning around and stepping up, then stepping down.
moving arms around and standing on one leg.
a person is in a squatting position for the whole clip and raises their left arm as if they were taking a drink for five seconds and then lowers arm as if setting a cup down.
a person walks slowly forward.
a person walks forwards, turns around, then walks forwards and turns around.
a person steps forward and puts their hand up.
a person has his arms extended outwards, then brings them down, then looks on the floor to his left
the person spins in place clockwise 4 times.
a person sits down on a stool, stands up, and sits down again switching legs each time.
a person kicks two balls with his right foot, the first to his left and the second to his right.
a person walks forward just like a mummy
a man lightly sways from side to side, then turns to the left and picks up an object with his right hand.
a person waiving their hand in front of their face
a person is pushed backwards and then turns around, with caution.
a person is acting out the nursery rhyme i'm a little teapot by making a handle right their right hand and a spout with their left hand and moving in a motion where they are pouring the tea out.
a person lifts their right arm up then down.
a person walks slowly in a straight line, stopping with his right foot forward.
the person lowers his right arm and takes a step forward.
person does a variant of jumping jacks
a person holds a large container up to their face as if taking a drink
a person holds a disc in their right hand and then turns to throw it.
[from 4s- to 9s] a person waves their right hand repeatedly above their head.
a man is practicing shadowboxing.
a person walks clockwise in a circle.
a person get there exercise by walking on a treadmill on the speed slow
a person is taking side steps to the right, then walks to the left.
a person steps forward, turns counterclockwise, walks back, squats down, picks something up with their right hand,  then turns counterclockwise and tosses the item over to his left hand as he walks back again.
person raises hands upwards, then lower them back down and squats on the floor. seems like they're doing some type of physical activity
a person runs forward and slightly to the right for 3 or 4 steps.
a person dips down with their right hand extended, turns to their left and makes a washing motion with their right hand.
a person stretches both arms upward above their head, grasping their hands together, and leans to the left and right repeatedly bending from the hips.
a person is acting like a monkey by putting his right hand on his head, then both hands
a person jumps forward one time.
a person in a squatting position rotates their hand in a counter clockwise rotation and then touches both their shoulders with there hands.
a man rotates his writsts in front of him, then off to the side, then moves his right and left legs.
someone is walking up the stairs
a figure jazzilly steps backward then walks forward, as though walking to music or a beat
a person in running and has to crawl under an obstacle to continue
he starts to walk slowly
a man picks up an object with his right hand and places it in front of him.
a person's right hand moves towards the ground, the left hand, left leg, and right leg touch the ground in order.  the person turns and starts the same movement beginning with the person's left hand.
a person is sitting or squatting and makes motions towards their head with their left hand.
a man does one jumping jack in place.
a person raised the both hands and did some jesture
a person throws to small object from the ground.
the person was lifting a bunch of weights.
this person seems to be picking up a bottle, walking forward as they open the bottle, and proceeds to pour over a small area in front of them.
a person waves with right hand.
a person is walking, turns around on their right foot and casually walks along the ground.
a person who is holding his hands at the level of his head lifts both of his arms above his head two times.
a person does a throwing motion with his right arm
the person looks around from side to side
a person holds both of their arms.
person moves slightly clock wise then sits down on a chair and moves tip toed with chair to there right side
the person is square box dancing.
the person jog forward jumped over some things kept walking forward.
person is doing a ballet dance move.
person walks forward, appears to be pushed, recovers, then continues to walk forward.
a person pulls two objects together at and above shoulder height twice.
a person remained sitting down.
a person walks forward and takes a couple steps then bends down and picks something up, and then turns around and walks back. then bends down and looks like it sets something down.
the person walks quickly at an angel to the left, while their body is turned to the right
while standing waving your hand in a circular pattern.
the person balances on one leg, and then puts their leg down.
this person walks forward slowly while holding both arms straight up.
a person takes a large hop to the side.
a man is running in place and then steps backwards and crouches.
a person walks forward a few steps, turns around mid-step, places their hands on the ground and begins to crawl forward on their hands and knees.
person walks forwards with left hand supporting,
a person puts both hands up and lightly jumps up and down.
a person slowly walked forward
the person catches and throws something.
the person is acting out the nursery rhyme cock robin.
a person sets something down and walks backward.
a person slightly raises their left hand in front of them.
forward walking and it ends
the man stretches bend then stretches more side to side with his arms in the air.
stick figure is holding its right rm up in the air
a person takes a step backward, carefully gets down on his hands and knees, then crawls forward.
a person walks in a curved path to the left.
a person gets down and crawls forward on their hands and feet, then turns around and crawls back before standing back up.
a person moves his left arm describing something, then uses his right arm to pretend playing golf
take the both the hands and put into the hand.
a person has injured their arm
a person is sitting and raises his right hand to eat.
person is adjusting their sitting position
a man walks forward and attempts to do a cartwheel, sits down and then stands up again.
a person waves their left hand and then their left forearm and then waves both arms over their head.
a person walks forward reaches for something with their right hand turns and walks back and forward again reaches for the same spot and walks back again.
person standing straight, then with both hands reaches to the right. hold that position for two seconds and return to the standing rest position.
the figure walks slowly and takes a few rather lumbering steps foward, their arms sway gently beside their sides and give off an altogether rather unaffected air.
person uses their right arm to point at something/someone and their points in another direction
he done a fall done accident
the man is making gestures
a man kneels down and takes a seat for a second and then stands back up
a man moves around objects with both his hands.
a person stayed on the place and after up the left leg
a person walks in a clockwise circle.
person waves at someone, and then fidgets side-to-side.
a person casually walks forward, rotates on the spot, walks back the way they came and turns again
a man is doing jumping jacks.
the man moves forward at a normal pace
a person stands with their right arm out, bent at the elbow. their left arm is forward, curling up at the elbow.
a person is stretching side to side and back about to lean forward.
the person is getting up on a stool to sit.
a person rocks a baby, hold the baby up, then continues to rock the baby.
a man waves his right arm a few times before lowering it to his side.
a standing figure repeatedly touches his head with his hand.
character moves arms in a no movement then points twice with left hand.
a person twists to the right and picks something up with their right hand.
a man steps back and sits down before standing back up.
the man has his hands up and twists to the right.
a person is walking forward with their arms still.
a person jumps up and down 2 times.
a man walks forward on a line.
a figure seems to be loosely in boxing stance
moving the hands and legs like a exercises.
person makes fighting block and gets into fighting stance
a person takes four steps moving to his left and stops.
person was walking towards the right.
a person puts his hands on his thighs.
a person slowly walked forward and after return backwards
a person sits and stands back up.
raising hands and swinging them.
the man is stretching his hips
a man lifts something heavy upwards twice.
a person stumbles forward a few steps.
the person is walking in a counter clockwise circle.
person is stirring something with right hand
a person makes a "stop" signal with his hands, places hands on hips then brings hands out in front of him.
a person puts their left hand to their head, waves it in the air, then sets it on their head
walking ahead and to the right
the person was pushed but did not fall.
raising arms and then kneeling
a person is standing, raising their right hand towards the center of their body, and then brings right hand back down to the side.
a person stands with both arms extended slightly in front of them.
the person walks in a half circle then jogs in place.
a person vigorously runs in place.
a person waves both arms over their head.
a man opening up his arms and started dancing.
a person lifts their right hand over their head and extends both knees upward.
a person clasps their hands in front of them at chest level.
a person holds their hands together and throws them over each shoulder and back towards the ground in front of him.
a person who seems to take a free throw shot
a man gets down on his knees, crawls and then gets up again.
a person uses their right hand to scratch their left wrist.
a person lifts something with both hands and does this twice.
the person is doing jumping jacks.
a person jogs forward while kicking their feet back slightly with each stride
someone greeting while standing and raising hand
the person hops on their left leg before then switching to their right leg
a person struggles to stand still and stumbles
a person does three squats and then runs in place
a person is sitting and rubs left leg with left hand and then raises left hand up.
a person walks forward, then is pushed to their left and then returns to walking in the line they were.
a person who is standing moves his body and shoulders slightly to the left and returns to his original position.
a person steps to the left while crossing right foot behind left foot, then steps back to the right.
aperson slowly walked forward, adn sit down on somewhere
a person doing jumping jacks.
a person kicks their feet around in a sighn of impatience.
person jumps up twice with there shoulder locked and arms up and down
a person seems to be counting something on the shelves
a person moves both hands in opposite circles in front of their body.
a person raises their left arm to their face then drops it back by their side.
a person is drumming on multiple drums.
person reaches forward, pulls hand back with something in hand. turns right, extends arms open as if opening a coat, then resumes original stance
man is standing straight, feet not moving, hinges at the waist to reach both hands down to his feet, the puts his arms up, bent at the elbows, twists his torso to the left, and then to the right, and then facing forward leans over to the left, and then over to the right, stretching
person jogs in place then stops.
a man waves with his left hand.
a man walks in a clockwise circle while holding something to his left shoulder.
a person standing and shaking their whole body.
a person walks away diagonally to his right and then turns around.
a person walks up stairs.
the person is walking with his handbag.
a figure dances with their arms in the air.
kicking something to the side.
a person relaxed and  walking uphill.
person is turning around in circles
walking forward and then stopping.
person is walking back and forth.
a person limps forward, and then turns around and limps back.
the sim appears to be boxing with both their left & right arms.
the person is walking down the stairs.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides jogs counterclockwise in ever widening circles.
a man walks anti-clockwise in a large circle.
the person is swimming with his arms
a man stands for few seconds and picks up his arms and shakes them
a person walks slow a few steps forward.
a sitting person leans forward with their arms in their lap.
a person is standing still then steps back
a person is slightly jumping while alternating left and right jabs.
he is standing still but suddenly move right a little.
both arms are curled up towards the shoulders and back down.
a person hops on their left foot.
a person jumps twice very high in the air.
the person picks up something with its right are and looks to cheers and drinks. then with its left hand picks of something and moves it towards its mouth
a person walks in a complete circle and then sits down.
a man jogs without moving his position.
a person hops on left foot, then right foot, then left foot, then right foot, and then puts both feet on ground.
the person is walking forward.
a person is nudged forward one step to standstill.
a person steps to a stool, turns clockwise and sits down, putting feet on rung, then puts hands in lap.
a man raises up his hands ,moves them right to left trying to find something and then lowers them down.
person walks forwards and uses their right arm as support
the person is walking in a curve to the left and then back around to the right in a curve.
person walks in a curve from left to right bending at the hip to look down every couple steps
a person takes a large step diagonally forward, to the left.
a person bends over slightly and picks something up on their left side, and puts it down on their right side
the person is jogging forward.
this person steps back then quickly jumps forward while throwing and then steps back.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides quickly takes one step backwards and to his right.
the person tries to sneak while walking slowly
a person jumps forward turns around and jumps in the other direction.
a person drops down to their hands and knees and proceeds to crawl forward.
the person was pushed from the front.
a person quickly walks forward
a person lowers their hands, makes a traveling sign, raises their hands to their mouth, and lean to their left side.
a person makes pantomime hand gestures above his head with both hands.
a person reaches with their left arm to the left and then turns their upper body to the right.
a man takes 5 steps in a forward direction
a person stands with their legs wide and squats down and up bending only their left knee
a person stands up, walks forward diagonally, then turns and walks back in the opposite direction.
the person bent over and pick something up.
walking around holding his head because of a headache.
a person runs to their left, then right, then left again, and finally walk back to their starting position.
a person who is punching in a very over extended manner
a person walks forward and to the right.
a person raised the right hand and pull it down
a figure moves in a circle clockwise.
a person leans forward; facing the ground, and flaps their arms like a bird, then stands erect and back pedals.
a person walks in a clockwise motion wafting his right arm.
a person holds something in both hands, and winds up before throwing it very hard with their right hand.
this person walks slowly forward, stops and grabs his left knee.
the person is idling back-and-forth.
a person moves to the left and stretches their arms by rotating their trunk.
a man runs to the right then runs to the left then back to the middle.
a person dancing like michael jackson.
person runs forward, pauses, then continues running.
a person touches his head with his right hand
a person looks down and checks their watch for time.
a person appears to be ding jump rope until they fail
a person looks at his left hand.
begins to walk forward, trips, and then regains balance.
a person claps their hands with their right foot placed forward, then turns slightly to the left. the person then claps their hands twice, then twirls them while reaching the left arm upwards, and extending the right arm forwards.
a person is raising their left foot in all directions as if trying to balance.
a person crosses their arms.
a person picks up a heavy object with both hands and places it on their right side behind them.
a right-handed batter bunts a baseball.
a person has both hands together and throws them into the air.
a person walks and turns around left.
a person rubs their head with both hands.
a person walks forward with wide steps left, right, left, right,  left right, then left with the right foot  and right with the left
a person is accepting praise.
a person is walking with a purse on their right arm.
someone does a timeout gesture with their hands, and then rotates their hands in a circular motion.
a person walks forward, kicking his leg first to the left then to the right.
a person walking and changing their path to the left
a person jumps forward then hops upon multiple obstacles.
a man steps forward then uses right hand to move an object and then steps back again.
a man stretches both of his arms out in front of me and squats multiple times.
the person is balancing on his left foot.
a man standing still straight up then throwing an object with the right arm towards the ground.
the person is waving with their right hand .
the left foot moves slightly more left, causing the arms to jerk a little. then, the left foot moves a little and turns the whole body a quarter way clockwise before stopping and adjusting the right foot as well. the body then is in a stance as if they are looking at something nearby on their right. following, the whole body turns towards the left and holds its hands together.
the person is walking in a counter clockwise circle.
person takes slow steps forward slightly diagonally to their right
standing, turns blue leg inward, raises red arm to appear to hit, uses both red and blue arms and hands to appear to catches
he does a figure then stops
person catwalks forward on extending runway and then turns around.
a person lying on the floor gets on their knees, then gets up.
the person is dancing the waltz.
a man walks forward with his left hand on the railing.
a man walks from left to right with his hands loosely at his side.
a man walks with a swagger to his left.
a man places his right arm across the left side of his chest and pulls it towards him with his left arm.
a person while standing takes and step sideways.
a person touches head with left hand.
a figure sprints, pauses momentarily placing both hands on knees, then continues sprinting
a person grabbed the hands and made some jesture
a person walks in a circular clockwise direction one time before returning back to his/her original position.
a man walks foward ,makes a u turn on his right side and goes back.
person walking in an s shape
the man dances the cha cha.
the man wrings his hands and twists his ankles.
a person jogs on the spot.
a person steps forward and picks something up with his left hand, before stepping back and holding his arms out to his sides.
a person spins to their left, appears to look around, walks quickly up a hill, then turns back around to their right.
man standing, raising and lowering both hands rapidly like bouncing to balls at the same time.
a person rotaes both arms in a circle, lifts right leg and twists the foot, then left leg and twist thier foot. the person then squats, stands back up and extends both arms out.
a person raises his right hand to his head and pats.
a figure nearly falls then gets up, reeling, drunken seeming as though they're being hit by things
a person walks straight forward.
a person walks up, picks something up, places it down, and walks back.
someone walks in a quarter arch to the right.
arms flap up and down, then the body knees down with both hands on the ground.
a person is blocking something with their left arm.
the person is focusing the subject in his camera.
runs at a bend going left to right and increasing the speed along the way.
a person recovering from a push to their left
someone with difficulty falls and kneels
a person lightly runs forward for two steps, swings their leg as if kicking something, then returns to rest while swaying their arms.
a person bent forward slightly at the waist walks in a diagonal line to the left, taking rather large steps.
the person is jumping in a circle while turning their body.
the person is walking over the clean floor.
a person is bent over forward and moves their body left to right like a snake several times.
a person gets on all fours and crawls around.
a person does trunk twists stretches and then does some other stretches
a person bends over and moves their head, then stands up and moves their hands in a clawing before returning to their bent stance.
a person starts jogging slightly forwards creating a loop and stopping.
a man takes a few steps forward, taking a big forward step with his right leg on the third step.
this person waves his hands and arms right to left then to the center.
someone is staggering forward in a drunken manner
a person lifts up their hands to their face, looks to their right, then puts their hands down.
moving hands near face.
a person runs forward for about 5 steps
person opens drawer, picks something up, and puts it back in
a person walks in a slow counterclockwise circle while slowly swinging their arms.
a person crouches slightly with outstretched arms in the form of wings
a person jogs straight forward.
a man walks forward before stumbling backwards and the continues walking forward.
a person lifts their left arm and pushes their hand away from their face.
the person spins while practicing a ballet routine
the person who’s acting out a magic trick.
a person walks then turns ankle when they try to turn so the person tries to stretch right ankle but eventually stumbles.
a man walks forward towards you, swaying his hands back and forth
a person bends down on the ground, then starts to crawl.
person bent over to the front.
a man walks cautiously forward, opens something, and then walks to the left.
a person walks slowly forward from one side to the other.
someone jumps twice and looks down at the ground
a man puts his left hand in front of his chest.
the person takes a long leap forward
a person ties their shoe.
a person jogging forward whith their arms swinging
a person moving things around
a person paces left to right and raises a hand once for a moment before returning the other direction.
the man walks in a zigzag way to the bottom.
a person takes a long single step to the right, maintaining composure.
a person sidesteps right to an armchair, sits for a moment, and then stands and sidesteps back to the left.
person slowly sits on the floor then gets back up
jogging forward in medium pace.
person is sitting in a vehicle and turning the steering wheel
the figure picks something up with their left hand and then picks up something with their right and pours it on top of the object on the left shaking it over the object on the left before the left object is lifted up to the face with the left hand.
a man runs forward and then jumps over something, planting his right arm on it, then turns around and repeats the process.
a person looks to get hung by their hands and then be lifted up.
a person walks forward then turns and walks back
a person walks forward in a half circle, then sits down.
person walks forwards two steps, then turns around and walks back to the starting point
a person throws an object with his right hand, then holds both hands up over his head
a person is playing jumprope.
walking up stairs then down.
a person stomps with their left foot.
person shuffles forward while alternatly extending arms over head, drops arms and shuffle/jogs backwards, and then walks slowly back forwards.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides, brings his hands together, claps them vigorously five times before dropping them back down and resuming his original position.
a person walks forward while dancing.
a man raises his left arm and looks from side to side.
a person jumps on the spot twice.
a man reaches both of his arms up in the air.
a person was practicing karate kicks.
a person describes something large by showing with their arm movements.
a person claps their hands a few times while standing still.
the sim is standing at a crouch, shaking both arms in front of them in a defensive position.
a person stands up from laying, walks in a clockwise circle, and lays down again.
a person walks forward in a slightly zig zag and turns back
this person steps to the side left over right then back.
a person stands with their hands together, step foward then reaches down to pick something up.
person lifts right foot a few times and ties something on their right foot
a person kicks in the air, runs forward and then trots backward to their original location.
a person bends down at knees and brings both arms out extended in front of him and returns to standing position.
most human motion involves a combination of two types of motion, translatory motion, also known as linear motion, and rotational motion, also known as angular motion. think of a long jumper sprinting toward the sandy pit. he is exhibiting translatory motion as he runs in a straight line.
the person is acting like a human chicken.
a figure stumbles forward clumsily
a person walks around in a circle.
the man moves his arms as if swimming.
a person lifts their left foot, then places it back down quickly, then lifts their left hand toward their head.
figure with hands clasped in front of them, sweeps their legs to the left and right
person wipes something with right hand.
a man turns around to walk the other direction, walks forwards and then turns around again.
person walks forward, slides to left quickly, and then darts back to the right.
a person walks forward, turns to his right, and then walks in the other direction at half stride.
man slowly moves object from left to right
a man opens a bottle and uses his left hand to drink from it.
a person is looking to his left, looking down and then looking to his right.
a person sitting with left hand moving up.
a person walks to the left hand side, turns, then begins to walk back.
robot started moving backward from center and then moved forward wit stretchy legs and start kicking.
a person claps their hands 5 times in front of their chest then drops arms to their side
the man takes 4 steps forward starting with his right foot.
person climbs onto an object, grabs what would be a light bulb and twists it in using right arm
a person with both arms stretched, bent up at elbow, bring their arms straight up and then back
he pushes recovery then stops
a person does a jumping jack motion
person is walking forwards with their body to the side, and seemingly forcing an item forwards as well. appears to be pushing an object
a person quickly and repeatedly jumps slightly up and down.
person bends down and does a jumping jack
a person raises both arms and leans to the right.
a person acts as if they are playing a violin.
the man is facing forward turns around and with his right hand seems to be holding something, drops it, picks it up, and keeps walking.
a person standing on one leg and trying to balance
someone walking at a diagonal.
a person washes something with their right hand.
a person dodges things thrown at them by blocking with their left hand and then ducking.
the person is clapping.
man walks forward then backwards then stumbles to his right then to his left
a person is walking and then loses their balance. they stumble.
the figure person goes up four steps relaxed, then down 4 steps calmly.
a man staggers forward a few steps with his legs wide apart.
a person jogs downwards towards the right hand side, then turns around and jogs a long counterclockwise arc to the left and then jogs a clockwise arc to the right side.
a person raises both hands to their chest, rotates their torso, squats in this position then lowers their right hand and rotates their torso again. now lowering their hand
the person is walking out a medium speed.
a person walks around the floor then runs forwards.
a man walks to the opposite side of the room.
a person performs a standing back kick.
a person walks in a counterclockwise oval to their original position and then proceeds to walk in a much smaller counterclockwise circle
person walks in a 3/4 circle then squats and then lays with the back on the floor.
a person is swinging from side to side while clapping their hands.
a man side steps to the right and then to the left.
a person standing up puts their hands together at clavicle height level, then performs a low velocity kick with their right leg one time.
a person walksclockwose to almost complete a cycle
a person take a big leap forward
a person walks forward, picks up something with their right hand and then puts it down further to the left.
a person quickly walks backwards, then jogs forwards before stopping and walking backwards to their original position.
a half blue & red  body stands in the center as he then runs left,  turns then runs right . he runs left once more & stops bavk where he started in the middle.
a person signals with their hands by moving in a circular motion.
a person takes two steps forward. after a few seconds, he lifts his shoulders twice, then shrugs with both of his arms.
a person looks at the bottom of their right shoe.
the person is stomping in a circle.
a person walks forward slowly making large strides, with both arms outstretched to their sides for balance.
a man slowly walks forward with knees bent and his back curved.
a person puts his hands on his hips and looks around
a person walks to their right.
limping left right animation with a sprint
someone walks from the right side turning to the left
figure appears to be avoiding an object while running
uses left hand and circles it counter clock-wise.
the person is throwing a baseball.
a person grabbed something and leaned it near to face
a person is taking side steps to the right and then to the left.
a person walks forward while holding onto something with their left hand.
a person puts their arms at a t pose, and then swings arms in toward chest.
a person is working a machine
a person reaches with his right hand to grab something.  he then releases item in front of him.
a person runs forward several steps.
a man raises his right hand, then lowers it back down.
a person moves their right arm up and the left arm toward their chest as a gesture.
a man pushes an object with his left hand and then steps back.
a person picks something up from the floor then puts it on a desk.
he is running down then stopped and moved his left hand
a person jumps up in the air.
a person swings their arms and then jumps up and to the side.
the person is bending in a forward motion, they then move in an s-shaped pattern to arch their back and extend back up to an upright position.
a person has hands by his hips and walks to the left.
a person seems to have a pain in the groin
a person squatted down walks forward, stands, then walks backward.
a man touches his left hand,
bending back and punching the air.
person is playing catch with someone
the person is holding his right knee up and doing the stretches.
a person who is standing with his arms by his sides raises his right arm and waves five times before returning his arm to his side.
person is running in a circle
the person is lifting weights with his right arm.
a person walking then turns right
person is likely sitting down using a phone.
a person walks forward while touching something with his right hand.
a person is jogging forward in a steady manner.
the person is making a jester with his hands.
a man is walking while holding a handrail
a person is sitting in a chair, wobbles side to side, stands up, and then start walking.
the sim reaches to their right and left, grabbing an object and appearing to clean it.
a person lifts their right forearms slowly two times.
a person moves something in front of them, then bends down and picks up a heavy object, moving it to their left.
a person walks forward turns around and continues to walk backwards, then they squat.
a man picks something up with his left and then starts rubbing it.
a person makes a panting motion with their hands in front of their face, and occasionally scratches their ears.
the person is walking backwards.
robot started walking forward and then quickly turned back and start walking.
hands are placed inside the thigh as the right foot slight moves back and forth, and the arms raise upward.
a person attempts to walk in astraight line but stubles to the right before stumbling back in line.
waving the arms above the head fast then come back down to clap the hands.
the man is jogging on the spot
a person is stood up his legs are still and his arms are moving up and down whilst he turns his body to the left and right
a person lifts something heavy up and places it to the right.
a person walks forward, stepping up with their left leg and down with their right, then turns to their right and walks, then turns to their right and starts stepping up.
the person is standing completely still turning their head
the girl moved her right hand forward to reach out for the paper slowly.
a person walks forward while their left and right hands swing in an alternating motion at their sides, and then turns to the right to walk in a semicircle.
a person makes cat-like scratching motions with their hands.
a man takes three side steps left, then five side steps back right.
a man walks in a semi-circle, in a sassy manner.
the person look forward and then walked to back  slumped over.
person lifts right arm turns clockwise then puts right arm above head fully extended and waves
a person is limping with right leg and holding with right arm to right leg while limping in a counter clockwise circle.
a person stretches their arms alternatively over their head.
the person is walking forward very fast.
the person is playing a violin with his left hand.
a person plays a guiter, holding the guitar with their right hand and strumming it with their left.
a person raises both arms above their head and begins clapping, then they move their hips back and forth in rhythm with the clapping.
someone uses their left leg to lean to the left side and then goes back to their original position using both feet.
a person lunges toward the left while lifting their right arm up, then repeats the motion.
jumps up in a tight twirl.
a person walks diagonally forward, stops abruptly, grabs his head with his left hand, walks backward briefly, and then turn to the left and walks straight.
a man walks forward and puts his head into his right hand.
person turns right knee to side then punches right hand to his left
a person uses both hands to lift and move an object.
a person turns  and runs to the right then turns and runs to the left then turns and runs back to center.
he puts his hand forward
a person jumps in place three times.
a person kicks with the right foot.
a man starts to walk straight then walks to the left.
a person appears to be playing basketball.
a person slowly moves their left arm near their stomach
a man has his hands together near his head, and he shakes them in front of his face as he turns slightly to his left and right.
a person walks forwards and bows
a person takes a step directly to their left
a man spins in one counter clockwise circle with arms extended at shoulder then rverses and does five or more circles with arms still extended
the person stretches from side to side
a person, arms hanging by sides, takes four steps forward and then stops.
the person is leading his hands
man stretching, maybe getting ready for an athletic event.
person holds left arm up with left hand putting something into face area
a person is pushed to the right to standstill.
this person is sitting without movement.
someone starts off doing a walk, and then stops
a man clasps his hands together and then throws an object with his right hand.
a person stands with their arms raised forward and wrists bent
using right hand to stir something
a person with his hands on his hips does two brief squats
a figure lifts a drink shaker and shakes it up then pours
a person grabbing the right side of their head or talking to someone on their phone
person rotates hand in air lots of times then brings hand to right hip
a man steps forward, lifts his arms then bends and stretches them.
a man sits down on the ground then lays most of the way down on the ground uses both hands to push off the ground and stand back up.
a person slowly walks forward in a larger stance.
a person is standing, raises their right arm to look at their watch, then lowers arm  back to their side.
a man is standing slightly squatted with both hands resting on each thigh and then suddenly brings both arms up into a standing t position.
a person walks in a curved movement to the left
a person dances around in a little jig
a person looks at the ground and steps forward, moves arms in a counter clockwise circle, looks down and centers himself, jumps twice and moves arms in clockwise circles twice, then turns to the right and stretches arms above head.
a man is standing on the ground ,lifting his right arm up and then down.
someone bounces a ball-like object with their right hand.
a man takes a wide step to his left.
a person takes a step backwards.
a figure holds its bent arms out and moves from side to side from the waist up, then claws at the air moving from side to side.
the man is slowly walking on the treadmill.
a person looks left and right with binoculars.
a person runs forward with their arms swinging side to side in front of their body.
moving and create a cricle on the floor.
a person has his arms extended, brings them down and jogs on the spot before standing still
a person is stood up on the ground and rotating his hips back and forth  whilst his arms are still
the person walked around inside of one oa barstool.
a person walks forward and turns around to jump.
a person is washing their hands.
a man rubs his hands together.
a figure performs one jumping jack, hopping out to spread legs with arms sweeping out and up over head, then hopping back to starting position with arms relaxed by side.
a person is running on the spot, then turns right and jabs with both arms, then turns left and continues running on the spot.
a person lowers their left arm and then raises back up the same as the right.
a person starts walking around slowly and then gets scared so moves backward.
the person is doing a military crawl across the floor
a person stading with left hand raised over head bent at the elbow, then extending both ars out to the side
a person side steps to the right and then side steps to the left.
someone runs across the floor then turns around and runs back the other way.
a person standing still gets pushed forward.
the right leg move forward and stops on the ground next to the left leg.
a handstand and uses his left elbow to touch his right knee, right elbow to touch the left knee, then puts arm straight out in front of him and does a squat.
a person performs a standing jump and stumbles back before gaining his balance.
a person streches their arms to the left then right.
a person makes a circular motion with their right hand.
a person kneels down on both knees.
a person is streching by leaning to their left side
the person is playing the violin with his left hand.
the person starts scratching their right leg and then take steps back
a man jumps fwd then steps foward and to the left then right left and right again and snaps his right arm out
a person slowly lowers his arm and waves his hand slightly left and right before lowering it down to his side.
a person gets into a fighting stance.
a person pointing at something with his left hand.
punching arms while standing still.
a person slowly walked forward in left direction while balancing
this person reaches with his right hand.
the person looks around while slightly slouched over
a man rubs his stomach and his head simultaneously.
a person steps forward and shakes both hands together in a begging manner, and then steps back. the person steps forward again and shakes both hands in a begging manner but more aggressively.
a person strikes something with with his left hand while repeatedly striking  something with his right hand
a person walks forward while making a dribbling motion with their right arm.
someone moving something from right to left
simple stand and clapples the hands.
a person pushes with his left leg and foot first in the floor and then pushes with his right leg and foot.
a person balances on his left foot, then switches to its right foot, then switches back to its left foot.
a man shifts an object in his left hand.
a figure kneels and performs the gesture of tying a shoe
a person stand impatiently, placing their weight on their left foot, then on their right as they look at their left wrist.
standing still then moving to the side.
a person does a lunge on their right leg, their left leg is very stiff and their left foot is flipping about.
a person walks diagonally, takes a bow and then puts his head to his hand as if looking at something.
arms outstretched, a person moves hands toward their armpits; walks in a circle keeping knees apart and then repeats the arm motion.
a man walks and steps onto an elevated area before walking off of it.
a man stands and makes one step foward using his left foot and then stops with both feet.
a person gets startled and falls to the ground, rolling over so that they can crawl
person takes a big step then turns to the right and moves right hand up and down then clasps both hands
a person kicks something with his right leg, then his left leg, then stands.
the man is showering his right arm
a person strides forward for a few steps, then slows and stops.
the person is touching his right arm with his left hand.
a man is bent on the ground appears to be tying his shoe then stands up and brings his right hand to his face.
person bends down lifting something with their hands and moving the object to the right before bringing their arms back in front of them.
a person both his hands raised moving sideways and bends forward and touches his feet.
a person appears to be modeling something and starts the process by throwing their hands down twice as if shaking off water.
taking a long circle walk and lifting up a leg
a person walks forward.
a man walks forward swing his arms slightly.
a figure moves arms both from the center to the outwards and back to the center four strokes.
a person is standing, then quickly take a step forward and to the left, while making a small kicking motion with their right leg.
a person stands and moves their arms in a circular motion in front of their body, the arms then bend up towards the head before repeating the first motion again.
a man reaches to his left three times, grabbing objects and bringing them to his right side.
a person walks in a wide counterclockwise circle.
man man jumps up throws a ball high, then throws another lowe.
person walking in circles while talking on the phone holding it in the left hand
a person backs up and sits in a chair with their arms at their sides and then gets up from the chair
a person stands as if putting hands on handlebars.
the person is walking forward.
a person punches their left arm up while tilted to the right, with their right foot crossed in front of their left.
a person gets down and crawls on all fours.
a person slowly walked forward and returned back
a person sits down and then put their head in their hands.
the person was walking towards the left.
a person slowly walked forward and made a circle
he casually walked up then turned around.
a person holding left hand to the ear and then looking down to the hand.
the person is throwing hard.
a person walks forward very slowly
a person walks forward and picks up something with their outstretched right hand, then walks back, turns around, then walks forward again toward the pick up location.
a person balances on their left foot while bending and kicking their right leg, stabalizing themself with their right arm.
a person moves his right arm straight up and then to the right while standing still.
a person gently steps back, sits down on an object, and then stands back up.
a standing person makes occasional meaningless gestures with their hands.
a person standing leaning forward.
the person paced back and forth.
a person sneaking through a hallway.
moving arms up and down.
a person walks along a fixed line using his arms for balance.
a person pouring something down and putting the object back
a person squats down
the person is taking a photograph of some thing.
the person raises both of their hands and walks, teetering, over a tight rope.
a man walks backwards for a few steps.
a person holds something heavy above their head and then brings it down in front of them.
a person slowly jumped forward
a person walks forward lightly swaying and then stops.
the sim extends arms out ward, then taking a sit in a cress-cross fashion before standing up again.
the person was acting out the nursery rhyme i’m a little teapot.
someone jumping sideways to the left then to the right
a person walks forward, taking a step over something.
a person is walking up the stairs whilst holding the railing with their right hand
a person grabs something from above and then below and then is arranging something in front of his chest.
sit on bottom, get up normally, walk in a nearly whole circle starting left and circling back to the starting point
a person is holding a jump rope, swings rope around three times, jumping each time, and then stops before continuing to use jump rope.
the person walks forward with their legs apart then turns around
a man leans his upper body only forward at a 90 degree angle with both arms behind him to balance himself as if he is about to fall over.
a person warms up chest by moving arms inwards and outwards.
someone seems to be looking for a balance not to fall
a person runs in place to warm up for an activity.
a person wipes off a counter before returning to a neutral pose.
the persons high hands are dropped down, he claps once and then proceeds by walking up to get seated
person makes alternating right & left hand circles then dribbles a ball.
a person kicks out with one leg, before moving back to a resting position.
the sim appears to throw an object.
a person swings his left arm low, then steps forward, turns away, and holds his arms out wide to either side.
a person stands and holds something down with left hand while swinging right hand in a spanking motion.
a person pitches a ball.
this person moves as if stepping on a ladder and reaches with his right arm.
a person walks up a slope.
robot is moving his both hands in upward direction.
a person rotates their head, then rotates the arms from the shoulders left, right, then left, and then rotates the arms from the elbows in each direction.
on hands and knees crawling to the right side then the left side.
a figure walks forward tentatively, occasionally dragging its feet
a person raises both hands out to the sides above their head until both hands touch and then back down as if doing a jumping jack.
a person is pushed and then stands still.
a person doing a casual walk
the ballet dancer practices their routine
person is hopping back and forth
a man mimics a throwing motion with his right hand.
a person walks in place while swinging their arms, then jogs in place
a person stands and stretches their right arm above and over their head to the left, their left arm spasms at the same time.
a person walks in a curve to the right.
the man is making gestures
a person walks forward in a diagonal pattern.
a person who is  walking backwards
a person slowly walks forward and then turns around.
a person bends over at their waist and raises their right arm up and down in a half circle.
someone holds with their gift hands a railing to be able to walk
a man raises his right  hand and moves it  up and down like trying to paint.
a person lifts up his right foot.
a person performs three jumping jacks.
a man swings an object to the right with both of his hands.
a person stands up from a sit down position, then sits back down.
a person does cartwheels and backflips.
a person lowers their arms, and then moves them back up to shoulder height.
a person walks steadily straight ahead.
a person doing a forward kick with each leg.
person reaches arms out to the side then most circular motions forward
person is walking straight ahead
a person walks forward then turns to  the right
a man raised his hands like grabbing a ball.
a person rotate their body to the right then kick to the right and rotate to the left and kick to the left.
he waves both of his hands
a man waves with his right hand, takes two steps backwards, takes two steps forward, and waves again with his right hand.
a person walks while turning right.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person abruptly staggers backwards.
a person dances, or jumping jacks mixed.
a person who is  kneeling down
a person walks in a clockwise circle dragging his right foot.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides takes one big step up, reaches over with his left hand, picks something up, transfers it to his right hand, holds it up, then brings it back to his left hand.
a man walks forward before turning around and walking back.
a person is walking with their arms and feet wide apart.
a person with their arms bent kicks to side with their left foot.
a person is trying to open up a jar
person lifts something and moves it to their right side.
a person dribbles a basketball then shoots it.
the person is careful while walking around the obstacles
person is lifting his right knee.
a person is standing still with their arms resting at their waist.
a person appears to be trying to keep their balance.
stick figure walks forward walks forward then steps to the side then steps backwards then to the side again
a person moves from standing with arms outstretched to side and legs shoulder length apart, puts hands on hips and returns to original position.
the person is double pouring and mixing some thing.
a man takes several steps forward, jumps over an imaginary obstacle, lands on both feet, takes several more steps forward, turns around 180 degrees, takes several steps forward and jumps over same obstacle and returns to start.
person is performing a dance
a person standing still, does nothing.
the man is doing jump handsup
a figure carefully tip toes across a path
moving backwards slowly once.
this person stumbles forward a short distance.
a person grabs their head as if they are hurt.
a person jumps multiple times.
a person is waving his arms around and is jumping.
walked straight to end then turned left and waked to end
a person sidesteps around the room, then runs forward
a person walks quickly in a diagonal direction for 8 steps and then turns to walk in the direction they came from.
someone is pushed backwards, but manages to regain his balance.
a man energetically walks backwards in a counterclockwise circle, then turns sharply, and continues backpedalling.
a person starts walking forward, and follows an anti-clockwise path for a quarter turn.
a person steps back then starts jogging forward then turns around and jogs
person from a standing position runs forward very quickly
the person is walking turning right.
the person is putting his hand to his mouth.
a person sidesteps to the right three times, sidesteps to the left 4 times, and then sidesteps to the right once.
a person dances in a simple waltz box pattern.
the man is walking in a zig zag pattern back and forth across the area.
a person is sitting down with both arms extended, lowers his left arm, then brings it back up
the person appears to be participating in shot put. the person places the shot above their shoulder, back up, then rush forward building momentum then throw the shot as they advance.
the person is walking around the bend to the left.
a person walking really slow forward.
the person jumps on foot.
a person walks forwards, wobbling, as is trying to balance on a beam
a man raises a bar over his head two times.
a person draws a cross in the air.
a person jumps forward carefully.
a person sits with their legs crossed and then stands up.
a figure seems to be slowly, jauntily clapping
the right arm dips down along the side and back up, then body walks forward.
a person stands up from the ground, walks backwards, squats down, walks forward while squatting, and then stands up.
walking forward in a straight line.
a person is crawling and then stands up.
a person climbs a step while walking.
doing jumping jacks in place.
a person runs to a specific point, looks down, the person turns while looking around, then walks back the way they ran from, then squats down to looks at something.
a man stretching his right arm.
a person walks forward with their right hand on a handrail.
person is ducking and putting their hands on their head like they're avoiding something dangerous
the right leg kicks out across the body.
the man is walking forward swinging his arms.
a man takes a few steps forward, turns clockwise, then walks back, rotating his hips when he returns to starting position.
a person raised the right hand and lean it near to face
a person lifts a box from the left side and puts it on the right side
a oerson does a series of dance twirls with arms outstreeched moving to the left.
a person is stretching their arms.
a person faslty moving in right and left direction
someone claps and cups their hands to their mouth to cheer.
the person is putting his golf ball.
the person paces to his right, then to his left, and finally to his right again.
the person through something up with both hands.
a person walks in one and one half counter-clockwise circles.
a man outstretches both arms, brings them toward his torso and slouches over.  he then stands straight up and tilts his upper body to the right.
person uses their right arm to wave
a person has his arms spread out, walks forward, and rubs something with his right hand.
the person is in the shower using his right arm.
the person is jumping up and down.
a human moves backwards and forwards at an angle only using is left leg to move forward
a person is sitting with their feet on the floor, the rotate to the left before standing up, as they stand up the take a couple steps backwards, then proceed to go forward before bending over.
a person is throwing something with their right arm.
the person walked forward and then turned around and sat down.
a person staggers one step forward.
the man is lifting both arms
a person walks at a slow stooped pace holding a cane with right hand.
a person walks forward, steps onto and over something, then continues walking forward.
a man walks forward and then turns around and walks back.
the man stretches his arms then jumps several small hops backwards.
a person is squatting and starts to move their arms up and down, alternating between left and right
the person is striking a tennis ball unenthusiastically
person jogs on the spot
bends down from the waist to the right.
a person stands with arms stretched at shoulder height, lowers them, then uses the right hand to continually touch something in front of the body.
a person stands and looks over their right shoulder behind them.
raising arms towards the face
a person walking side to side.
the man walks forward slowly
a person walks forward slowly.
imitates a person in cold weather. brings hands to face as if blowing warmth then rubbing hands together rapidly.
person is doing an excercise with hands forward.
a person touches things in front of them with their right arm.
the figure takes a step back with the hind leg and places one fist in the other fist while swinging both fists to the right of their body. the figure draws back the right arm and flins it forward as if to throw something.
the person quickly extends one hand at a time, usually alternating between left and right.
crawling forward on his knees
a figure poses with his arms and sways his hips motioning downward then up in a dance performance.
a person walks forward slowly and then stops and bends over to pick up something with their right arm and hand.
a person walks forward, spins around and walks back.
the man does walking run
a person walks straight with elegance.
a person paces forwards and backwards, turning around so they are always walking forward.
person is bent over wiping a table
a man strums an instrument with his right hand.
a person steps forward and leans over; they grab a cup with their left hand and empty it before putting it down and stepping back to their original position.
the person i was moving something to the right and putting it on the shelf.
person puts left leg outwards and doing a slight squat whilst putting left hand on hip
this person is standing still then with arms extended out make a circular motion.
a person walk forward, picks something up, then walks back while tossing it up.
a person saunters forward slowly.
a person starts walking straight ahead
a person puts their right arm out infront of them and pushes. both arms are then held in a boxing pose, with fingers exposed.
person kicks left legs back and forth
a person picks up a shot put, spins, and throws it.
a person walks slowly forward holding handrail with right hand.
raising hands towards the air.
a person walks forward, then holds their right arm in pain.
a person carefully walks forward, bracing themselves on something with their left hand.
he does double pour and mixing
figure turns hands then moves arms upwards.
the person is walking creepily.
a person bends at their knees turns to their left to pick something up, turn to their right, and place the object down.
a person is standing in stance while shifting their left hand.
a person walks to the right, and then to the left, and then comes to a standstill where he started.
a person is walks forward and while doing karate chops then walks backward doing karate chops.
the person put his arms straight out to the side them hold them forward and put them in front of him.
a person is crouched and raising their arms
a person lifts their arms up to their head level twice.
the person is walking with a limp.
a man runs straight foward with his left hand positioned at mid level.
a person walks in a counter clockwise half circle.
a persons walking slowly in a circle.
someone walk up to pick something up off the floor
figure appears to be standing still
a person goes from arms out in t-pose, to down at their side.
the person is running in place.
moving hands side to side.
the right arm scrubbing in big circles on the stomach, up to the left arm, and then left arm to the right arm.
person goes from standing to kneeling
a person putting on a cup cover on a drink
a person lying flat on his stomach pushes himself up with his arms into a squat and finally into an athletic stance.
walking forward and kicking foot.
a person walks carefully forward over a wide beam.
person throws a punch with right arm.
resting his hands on his hips, a person sways back and forth.
a person is sitting and stands up.
a man swings an object towards the right.
a person walks forwards, lifts a light object and walk back.
someone is walking and then turning to their right
a person is rotating their neck.
a person walks in a clockwise circle while keeping their body facing forward.
a person does head, shoulders, knees, and toes.
a person walks backwards carefully.
a person walks forward and stands still.
a person stepped forward and start to scratch something with right hand
a man walks forward to his left, turns around and jogs a few steps, turns around and jogs back, then returns to his starting point
a boxer lumbers up ready for a fight with a series of faux jabs.
a person puts hands on hips and then walks forward and does a full circular motion on the spot.
the man spins his wrists around in a stretching fashion.  while doing these he is also moving the respective ankle in a circular motion.
a person starts in a spot, walks counter-clockwise in a slight oval, then stops in the original spot.
a figure walks quickly in an irregular pattern , arms slightly swaying at their sides.
a person steps forward hard and at an angle and quickly shift his weight and changes direction breaking into a sprint
a person leans over slightly, left arm at their side, scratching something with their right hand.
a person balances themselves steadily walking over a rope bridge.
moving hands from side to side.
doing a split once.
a person lowers their arms, then uses their right hand to push an object to the side.
the person is walking towards the left.
a person starts walking forward then turns left and walks back.
a person fiddles a violin with their right hand.
a person steps forward then starts drinking from a glass, tilting his head back in the process.
a person walks forward, stops, turns directly to their left, then walks forward again.
a person stands still with their arms wide open
the person is marching in place.
a figure walks in a zig zag pattern
a person does jumping jacks on the spot.
a person stands still and waves back and forth with their right hand.
a person waves his hand enthusiastically
spinning hands in a circle while bending down.
a person lean down and crawl to his left
he does boxing then stops
a person seeming to be walking over a substance back and forth slowly.
a person gets down and starts crawling back and forth before standing back up
person makes incomplete pass sign
a persons with arms raised to the side then makes vertical circles in front of them
a person swings a bat to their right twice.
a person walks forward but slowly curves towards the left as they are walking and then stops.
a person is performing a martial arts routine that includes punches and moving around in various directions.
a person moves from standing to sitting cross-legged by bending at the waist and using their hands to lower themselves; then, they standup again in the reverse manner and touch their wrist.
a person steps towards the right while moving forward.
the person is walking back-and-forth in a zigzag.
a person walks forward, and appears to stumble catching themselves with their left foot.
a person crosses their arms in front of themselves
person takes a right handed golf swing
a person is walking forward and back.
a man runs forwards diagonally and then pivots ninety degrees and runs
figure quickly side steps to the right, slowly side steps to the left
a man standing and rubbing his hands together repeatedly.
a person walking forward in a curved line.
a person swats at something with their right hand.
a person does a jump and taps his heels.
a person is walking in a straight line.
person having hard time walking straight line
a person picks something up with their right hand, walks to the left, and then drys something off.
a person is performing lunges
a person walks backwards
the person running fast on the floor.
the person was pushed hard from the left.
a person punches to the right then straight ahead and then to the right again.
a person strolls forward towards the right
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides takes two steps forward, does a 180 degree turn and takes two steps back to where he started.
a standing figure raises both hands, palms outward, in front of his shoulders, then puts is left foot forward and extends his right arm outward as if pushing, then puts is right foot forward repeats the motion with his right  hand forward toward his left, and resumes his original position.
a person takes an object and throws it over his head with his right hand
a person picks something up and moves it from their left to their right.
the person is doing ballet poses.
a person walking forward a few steps then stopping.
a person reaches out and slides their hand across something.
a person have left arm hung up then switch to a cutting motion
taking two steps forward before making a right hand turn.
a  person doing a limping walk, taking proper step with the right foot and limping with the left
someone is walking over and pacing back and forth.
a man drops his hands from shoulder height and then rolls his neck
a figure does slow jumping jacks
the person is walking in a straight line.
a person raises their right arm out straight.
a man walks forwards while turning slightly to the left.
the person is walking forward with crazy legs.
a person picks something up with each hand and then stacks the item from their left hand on top of the item their right hand.
a person moves both hands.
a man walks anticlockwise in a circle repeatedly.
moves hand up and lets it stay up
person standing straight up and feet are shoulder width apart. reachs arm (right) up to shoulder height, straight out hold there for a second and drops back at side
the person is moving arm around.
a person gets pushed to the left
a man is playing tennis.
a person stands up from sitting on the ground, then runs to the left and jumps, then runs to the right and jumps.
a person slowly takes five steps forward.
dancing to a russian like dance?
a person slowly walked forward and returned
the man lowers his outreached hands to his knees as he squats down.
person looks to be holding a dumbbell and waving it around robotically
a person appears to be engaged in a conversation.
a person is winding arms forward and backwards.
a person walks forward to a cooler then pulls out a beer
a person moves his hands into a boxing position.
the person is walking up the stairs.
the sim is jogging in place.
person is doing left arm circles fast
a person scratches their head with their right hand while slightly swaying their body.
the person walks forward while kicking their legs back.
he kneels, moving his left foot back first then has right; not using his hands to help himself, he stands up
someone is walking with both of their hands swinging by their side.
a man is flapping his arms like wings.
an individual wobbly walks down a slope one foot straight in front of the other.
a man slowly turns around in the clockwise direction, then walks forwards and stands still
a person takes a few small steps back, steps forward, sits down on the ground, and then gets back up.
a man walks forwards slowly for a few steps, allowing his arms to dangle loosely by his side, then stops.
both hands and feet jump out towards the side and back down a few times.
the person uses both hands to throw something to the right while facing that way. then they lean back slightly with their hands together and step slightly forward
a person boxes upward with the right hand.
a person walks around in an "s" shape.
a person leaps forward then stands straight
person claps hands together before bending forwards, reaching out with his right hand and making several twisting motions with his hand, as if opening a doorknob.
a person has their right hand up to their face, and moves their body around a bit.
a person quickly side steps to his right.
person is slow walking.
the person sits down while talking on the phone
a person standing in the same spot while rocking sideways.
a figure walks counter clockwise.
person is walking on uneven terrain.
a person side steps once to the right.
the person is jumping straight up.
a person stretches their right shoulder , bringing it back , rotating it and then switches to their left shoulder , bringing it back twice , rotating it twice . they then move to warming up or stretching out their elbow joint by bringing their hand to their shoulder and then extend it fully and turn their inner arm outwards .
person is walking in a circle
the man is doing push ups
a person takes wide steps as if walking around something.
a person claps his hands
both hands meet in the center of the body and starts clapping.
a person is moving around erratically.
a person picks something up with their right hand, raises and shakes it. then moves it nearer to the ground and back to waist height again
a person stomps with their right foot.
slowly moves right hand from left side of body to right
a person claps, stops briefly, and then continues to clap
a person locks their hands, stretches up to their left, then up to their right, before bringing their arms back down to their sides.
a person stands focusing on something in front of them, then strikes out with their right hand twice.
a person is washing windows
a person who is standing is getting pushed by something and moving abruptly.
a person sits down then stands back up.
a person walks around frantically with their arms out in front of them.
a man walks forward with his arms swinging gently at his side.
a person puts both hands to his face.
a person moves heavy objects from one place to another.
a man lowers his raised arms and then picks something up.
a person turns to their left and starts pacing back and forth a couple times.
a man squats and raises his both arms wide apart,lowers the left one down followed by the right one and then repeats.
a person slowly walks without moving forward.
a person steps into a puddle or container of sorts, dips their feet in, and then raises their needs to start rubbing on it
the person is doing a hip rotation.
the figure jogs in place slowly before pausing and jogging in place quickly before squatting down and doing a walking squat.
a standing person bends at the knees and takes a seat.
start in laying position, then get up.
a person steps forward rather fastly
a person steps forward to picks up and place an item.
a man has his arms outstretched, rotates both hands at the wrist, then lowers his arms and twists his upper torso to his right.
a man steps forward briskly for several steps.
a person walking up to looking over the edge then step back
the person is walking around.
standing on their right foot, a person flexes their knee forward and back and side to side, toward the right first and then the left.
a person stepping to the right side as if had been pushed.
a person alternates between bringing up their left and right knees up to their chest and then finishes with a single squat.
a person makes several large circles with both arms and then does one reverse circle.
a person holds something and sweeps the floor with it.
a person steps backwards and sits down, then stands back up.
person is staying on the ground crawling back and forth.
the person is squatting down while raising and then moving their right hand in a circular motion.
a person drops their hands to their side in a somber gesture and walks slowly.
a figure walks to the right in a circle
a person walks backwards a few steps
a person walks forward, then grabs something with right arm, then walks back
a person sneaks away while walking sideways
a person carries something it their hands and then uses their right hand to throw it
a person has both arms elevated and moves their hands back and forth between outstretched and their head, they then lower both arms.
a person taking something from a shelf with their right hand
a person leans forward on their left leg while reaching forward with their right arm, then stands back up.
an individual takes a long slow drink of something.
a character lifts their arms and bends their knees to raise a dumbbell.
a person swings a golf club.
a man sits with his arms stretched outward, he puts his hands in his lap. then raises his arms again.
person looks like he’s putting something on the wall.
a person is washing a window with their left hand.
the person sat down on a chair.
a person starts running with their legs crossing
a person standing in place jumping.
a person walks forward and to the left.
pitcher picking up the ball and preparing to throw it
a person bows with their arms bent beside them.
walking backwards and then stopping.
a man is running in place.
a person stands motionless then slightly twitches the right hand.
walking forward then to the side.
a woman walks moving her hips from left to right while swinging her hair
a person runs forward.
a person balances on one leg and shakes their foot and then swaps.
a person does a long wave
a person waves with their right hand, then makes a similar motion but towards their mouth
a person carries something with both arms.
the person kicks out its blue leg several times.
a person walks in place.
a person stands, bent slightly forward, holds onto something with both hands and swings their arms as if they were hitting a golf ball.
a person jogs backwards, diagonally.
man walks along, then bends down and picks something up.
a person is waving with their left hand.
the person takes 4 steps forward starting with his left foot.
a person reaching down and picking something up.
thevperson walked forward turn around and went the opposite direction and then backed up.
a person hobbles around trying to walk.
a person picks something up and puts it down to the side
the man takes 4 steps backwards.
a person walks forward and climbs up two steps with both hands by their sides.
a man walks forward, picks up an object with his left hand and walks back to his position. then shakes his left hand
person begins to move forward, begins to slide or skid, recovers on left leg and continues forward
person moves leading left foot then right to complete five steps to slight right
the body climbs up something and turns back to climb down.
a person takes two steps forward, then walks sideways three steps, then walks forward diagonally and to the right three steps.
someone jumping up and down lightly.
a person walks forward carefully with arms extended.
a person walks forward in a straight line.
a person struts forward, diagonally to the right, then turns to the left.
a man lifts and bends his right leg, then his left leg.
a man holds a railing to his left while walking up stairs.
a person raises both arms above their head while standing, the fingers of both hands are touching when raised, then the arms are lowered.
this person stumbles right and left while moving forward.
a person walks in a clockwise circle.
a person makes a step to the left.
a man walks forward and then turns to the left and continues to walk.
a person walks forward slowly, while their right hand is slightly elevated.
using both hands, a person bends over to pat the ground.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides steps forward with his left foot, kicks out with his right foot and then steps back to his original position.
the person is pacing in a diagonal motion.
a person crosses their arms then uncrosses them
the person is lifting his dumbbell while bending his legs.
person switches from doing jumping jacks to jumps with brining one of the legs forward
a person berings their right arm forward and swipes left to right
the man is moving his legs
a person wave his right hand.
a person practices throwing and object
a person idles and walks left to right and back.
the person stretched their arms while yawning in the morning
a person blows a kiss.
person is making a kicking motion
a person grabbed something and lean the hands on something
a person steps forward, reaches forward with their right arm and moves hand from left to right, then steps backwards.
person is walking like they are drunk.
a person who walked in a turn to their left
a person grabbed something with left hand and put it somewhere
a man walks counter counterclockwise in a circle.
a worker sits at a circuit board.
a man walks forward, turns left and walks, stops, turns around and runs, stops again to turn around and runs again.
a person spins in circles and then kicks with their left leg.
the person is doing karate moves.
a person lifts something above their head, and then places it on the ground.
person starts on ground, pulls legs towards body while pushing off hands to stand up, maintains a neutral position before sitting back down with legs extended in front.
man takes a step forward and almost falls
it is someone walking across the room.
a person is standing up with their arms out to the sides, then sits down and rests their hands on their knees.
a person moving backwards anti clock wise while drawing a line with its feat
the sim takes a jump forward.
a person does a spinning dance where both they ar they partner turn around.
the man spins around then walks forward then back
person takes one step and uses the left arm to do an uppercut boxing punch
a person stretches their arm over their head
a person crosses his arms and then drops them to his sides.
squats up and down with both hands moving in an up and down motion.
a person stretches their arms, then swings their right arm forward making a few circles
the man raises his right hand over his chest, waves out and back in toward his body, then releases it back down toward his hip.
a person bows forward to their waist somewhat slowly.
a person sitting down and keeps on clapping their hands
a figure raises both arms above head, moving hands back and forth over head.
a man is practicing the waltz with a partner
a person jumps and spins to the left while kicking
someone raises their left arm and then puts it back down
the person pick something up and put it on the left.
running forward then stopping.
a person turns to the left and brings both hands together while kicking slightly to the left with the right foot.
a person swings his arms loosely in front of him the pats his head and rubs his stomach like he was mimicking a monkey
the person is crawling.
this person looks like he’s just moving his arms a little bit.
a person walking forward then walks back
a person walks toward a left-branch in a smooth curve and stops while both arms swing very slightly.
the person pick something up from the right to the left.
a person walks in a s shape route to the right.
bending down and walking around.
a man stands, lowers his right leg and hand  first and then kneels down.
a person takes a few steps forwards then turns around and tries to jog.
a man walks from side to side while holding his left forearm with right hand, and then walks back.
person is walking with handrail assistance
a person is doing a dance.
a man gets on his knees and crawls from left to right, then stands up again.
a man stretches his arms out to the side shoulder length, then brings them in front of him with elbow slightly bent.
a person holds both arms out to the sides and sways slightly back and forth
a person walks to the left holding object on head.
the person was walking and hit his left leg and hurt it .
a person is walking forward and then swiftly turns left and starts walking sideways.
a person walks forward six steps sluggishly.
this person swings both arms as though he is doing a workout, and moves quickly with his whole body.
the sim is walking down the plane at normal rate of speed.
a person takes a few steps forwards before stopping.
this person walks backwards then turns to walk forward as if to be scary.
a person jogs on the same spot.
standing reaching forward with one arm, then with both arm makes lateral motions widening arm span out then in
a person who is standing with his arms by his sides takes one step forward, starts walking towards his left, then takes two steps to his right and stops.
a stick person stands in a wide stance and looks as if they are swinging a golf club
a person walks forward, stepping over an object, then continuing to walk and stop after.
a person ducks down to walk underneath a bar or fence in front of them. they then turn right, walk around something, then turn right again to climb up a ladder or something.
a person stretches their left arm above their head.
the person is running sideways.
a person touches something low to the ground using their left hand, then walks forward.
the man is drinking with his right hand
a person turns off the faucet then unclogs the drain out of the bathtub
a person acts as if they are washing something with their left hand.
this person zig zags forward then stops to the left.
the person is doing some jumping excercise.
a person scratches his head with his left hand.
a person walks diagonally to the right, bends over and picks up a few items, then continues walking
a person walks forward in a curve line.
a person steps backwards, then sits down, gets back up and walks to the left.
a person walks backwards slowly.
a person grabs their wrist as if to look at the time on their watch.
a person places something on the ground.
person walks over and sits down in a chair.
the person hands something to someone, then takes something with their left hand.
a person is squatting and talking on the phone with their right hand.
a person jogs in place
the person stretched his arms out to the side then brought them together and clapped his hands.
a person moves his left and right arm in the air.
a person raised the right hand and pull it down
a person jumps to the right then jumps to the left then they try to do a double jump but stumbles backwards after regaining their composure starts walking back to starting position.
a person is walking in a circle.
a person picks something up, moves to the left, and then starts wiping something with their left arm.
the person is being punched by someone.
a man raises their left hand and gestures around.
a man has picked up an object while bending down and kneeling on his left side
person was standing and straddled a chair and sat down.
a person who seems to be dodging things
a person has both of his hands on his right leg.
a person standing up flings their left arm into the air then drops it back to their waist, then flings their right arm into the air then drops it back to their waist, then rotates counterclockwise slightly using their hips, then kicks using their left leg.
a person standing in one spot lifts their left wrist up to their face like they are checking the time on their watch.
a person warms up on a baseball mound by doing arm exercises.
a person pumps their left fist.
the person is standing on their left leg in one spot, they raise their left hand  to create a fist and then while standing in the same spot on their left foot they lightly and slowly flap their arms like a bird
the person is jumping on their right leg.
a person places an object on the ground before running forward.
a person preparing for and then throwing something similar to how a quarterback throws a football.
the dog runs and jumps to its owner
a person is appears to be holding a broom, right hand over left hand, and sweeps toward the right, and then starts rotating to the left while sweeping toward the left.
this person walks clumsy while moving forward.
a person raises left hand to face looks around and puts hand down back to side.
a person jumps and spins in the air.
the person jumped while standing in balance.
a person stretches their arms outwards.
holding hands together, a person moves them to the left slightly while holding them in front
a person takes two steps forward, the pivots on their left foot, turning 180 degrees to the left and returning to their starting point.
a person appears to be balancing on something
someone walking forward then stop
a man crouches down on his hands and feet, then begins to stand back up.
the person holds the rail while walking up the stairs
person was pushed from the left side but didn’t fall.
a man walks forward, swinging its arm side by side.
a person is moving an object, puts the object down and turns in an adjacent movement from the object.
a person quickly puts both hands down while walking in a counterclockwise half circle, then climbs imaginary stairs with both arms and legs, and finally pulls his head above his arms using his hands.
person holds left hand to mouth and swings right arm before bouncing with both arms facing out happily
the man is sitting then lays down.
he claps around a lot
a person walks in a counterclockwise quarter circle.
a person walks in a circle counterclockwise.
a person runs forward and then stops
a person stands still and then moved shoulders back as if they were pushed.
a man lifts and lowers his arms as they are folded inward and does so again as he extends his arms.
a person is waving their left arm up and down and then side to side.
person picks up phone and starts talking, then puts phone back down
a man steps forward holding an object to his head with his left hand.
a person is running in place.
person moves their body and kicks with left foot forward
a person slightly crouches down and walks forward then back, then around slowly.
a man steps backwards slowly.
person looks to his left, then to his right
a person turns facing their side, then does three rows with both arms, then turns back to start position.
a person dances around and punches both of their arms out individually.
the figure walks in a counterclockwise circle, stopping at their starting point.
a person jumps forwards and turns right in mid air.
the man was down on his knees and come back up and has a standing position.
someone lifts something up with both hands, dumps it out on the left side, and then sets it back down.
a man picks up an object with both of his hands on his left side and then places it down on his right side.
a person gets in starting position to run a sprint running race.
a person is doing jumping jacks
a person sways side to side with their hands on their hips, then checks their watch.
the person is moving around both arms.
a person takes a large step forward with their left leg.
person is playing the guitar
a person sitting down with their hands in their lap.
the person is casting a fishing line
a man takes a step back with his left foot, and makes a throwing motion with his left hand.
spinning arms in a circular pattern then walking forward.
a man touches his face with his left hand.
a person is slowly walking forward with big steps, stops then turns around clockwise and starts to walk back
a person turns counter counterclockwise and walks backward, then turns counterclockwise and stops.
a person is waling backwards.
a person starts with arms up then leans forward with arms down then outstretched.
a man walks forward than backwards while moving his arms.
a person raises their hand to their face then claps.
the person walks to his right, walks back to his left, and turns back to his right again and returns to his original position.
putting hands above head and swinging
person walks forward and scratches leg
the man stretches from side to side then swings his arms in a stretching motion.
figure walks forward then zags to right before walking left.
a person is running to the right
a person is sitting on the ground, scratches their head and looks around.
a person quickly paces while looking down.
a person stretching by closing fingers together and putting arms above head and leaning backwards and swinging a little side to side with arms outstretched.
a man raises his left arm then brings it back down.
he does a sweeping directlyy
person stands and holds hips moves right to left  raises right and left arms and walks forward
the man is picking up things
a man sidesteps from the left to the right multiple times.
a person jumps forward, turns around 90 degrees to their left and jumps again, they turn again 90 degrees to their right and jump back to their starting position.
a person kneels three times to the left
a person steps back slightly.
a person touches his chest with his left hand and then lowers his hand.
standing on one leg and swinging it.
person crosses left arm to right shoulder then places hands in from of them, then drops hands, raises them again in a pulling motion.
the person raises his left arm like a u-shape twice and then raise a little bit in a shoulder level but in bend position then stop.
persons grabs something and rotates it
a person balances on their right foot with their left leg stretched to the left, then brings their left leg close to their right foot.
a person brings their left hand up to their face with the palm facing forward as if examining it and then brings their arm back to their side.
the person is working on an assembly line pulling something from the left to in front of them.
a person throws something hard with their left arm.
a person swats at something
a person taking steps to the left and right.
walking forward and then bending down.
the person is walking downstairs.
person sat down on the ground.
someone crawls across the floor then stands up.
a person lifts a weight with their left hand
a person walks with a limp leg.
a man takes an object from his side and places it next to his head.
the man is doing low kick
a person is mixing something around with their hands.
a man walks forward briskly, with arms swaying at his sides.
this person walks forward then stops and waves his left hand in circles.
a person lifts their arms to to strum an imaginary guitar.
a man brings his arms down, turns to his right and walks, then turns around and walks again, turns and continues walking, then turns one final time as he stops in a standing position.
a person is standing still before. pushing and object with both hands three times, making a cranking motion with their left hand, before pushing the object once more.
a person walks and turns to his right.
a man starts off in an up left position with botg arms extended out by his sides, he then brings his arms down to his body and claps his hands together. after this he wals down amd to the right where he proceeds to sit on a seat
a man is crouching and moves both of his arms.
a person strolls back and forth in a room
a person continuously walks forward.
a person jumps and spin in the air.
a person jumps in the air.
a person walks forward one foot in front of the other until he loses his balance and tilts far to the right then stumbles to his right.
the figure walks forward a couple steps, turns left 180 degrees and then walks back to the originally starting point.
a person standing for a long time may shift his weight from one foot to another.
a person who is standing lifts his hands and claps them four times.
a person walks forward, then to the left and stops.
a person swats the air with one hand.
a person looks to the left then turns right to take a look right.
person opens a drink, takes a sip, and walks backward
a man quickly runs forward.
man steps back with his left foot, then proceeds to shift his body to the left and step forward with a wave.
figure appears to be side stepping
a man crouches and punches the air with his right hand.
a person jumped on the place
a man marches in place.
the figure is punching and kicking
someone holds their hands together in front of them and brings their left hand to their face in an eating gesture.
a man turns to the left and walks by the sides to the left and then to the right .
someone stretches both arms out to the side.
a person tells an animated story with their hands and arms.
a person stayned on the place while shaking the hands
the person walked forward and lifted some thing up turned around and walked back.
a man is waving both arms above his head 6 times.
a man jumps to his left.
a person lunges forward while extending their arms out in front, three times in a row.
lifting left leg grabbing with left arm then placing left foot on right thigh.  returning to standing position then lifting right leg and grabbing right foot with right hand
a man stands on the ground and starts doing star jumps with his hands going up and back to the middle.
a person walking to the left front , then stepping back to center, walking back to the left front again.
the man crab walks backwards and then rolls around a few times.
a person walks in a circle, counterclockwise..
a person slowly walks forward.
a person stands left leg forward in a karate pose, leans forward and makes a high karate kick with their right leg and returns to the karate pose.
a man walks forward a few steps, raises his right hand to his face, then continues walking in a circle.
a person slowly walked forward
a person who is standing with his hands at his sides, bends over, crosses his legs and sits down, then uses his arms to push himself up almost to a standing position.
a person does a repeated small action with their left hand, with a slight lean forward.
the body bends over to touch the toes and stands back up pushing the arms forward.
a person jumps forward slightly.
a person takes deliberate steps, some much larger steps and some much smaller steps, to cross stepping stones.
this person steps sideways to the left then steps right.
a man steps in a circular motion using both hands simultaneously to point at someone as if they are having a conversation.
a person brings their right foot up to both their hands in front of them, then crouches down while touching that foot, then bends their right knee and touches their foot with their right hand.
a figure walks forward then spins on their heel and walks back
a person is performing a lifting motion over their head
a person slowly walked forward
a person who is standing slowly moves backwards as he takes twelve careful steps and stops.
a person is flapping his bent arms like a chicken.
a person is skipping with a rope
a person jumps up once and then sidesteps right.
a man punches upwards and to the right with his right arm.
man walks forwards, pivots back in a half turn to the left, and walks back the way he came.
a person walks up, grabs an item, turns, and places it down.
moving arms near face.
person sitting tapping feet and arms driving a steering wheel
walking backwards in a diagonal line.
this person does jumping jacks then kicks with his left leg.
a man is lifting his right arm
a man reaches across his body with his left arm extended upwards and seems to be twisting something. he then takes a step backwards.
a person jumps forward once.
a person sit on the floor, while cross both legs
man walking in leaning forward position moving head from side to side.
a man is slowly moving counterclockwise. his left and right arms are raised to the chest as if he was ready to fight
person is doing fighting moves and exercises
figure appears to be stretching or warming up
a person walks on uneven ground whilst holding on to handrail.
a person stands still and raises and crosses arms.  he then lowers arms to his sides.
a person is doing something with both their hands.
person waves with right arm above head.
a person puts their hand to their mouth.
the person stretches their elbows
a person standing with his arms at his sides steps forward two steps, turns 180 degrees, steps forward two steps and stops.
a person is slowly walking forwards
a person bends over to begin charging forward, turns around with arms raised, and charges back to original position.
person is marching forward in straight line
a man begins with his feet together and his hands by his side.  he jumps in the air and brings his hands together above his head and spreads his feet out to shoulder width, and then he hold his arms out to his side parallel to the ground.  he then resumes his original position and goes again.
a person underhand throws something with their left hand.
a man takes four steps fowrad.
a person, while standing in still, starts to fold arms, pauses shortly and releases them.
a man lifts an object and realized that he hurt his left arm so he grabs it with his right hand.
a man dances by himself using both arms and legs.
a man swimming using both hands together while kicking his feet in unison.
the person walks forward very slow
a person is running forward.
a figure throws out a foul ball with their left arm.
a quarterback will throw a football to another team member in hopes to score a touchdown.
the person is focusing a camera on someone.
the person is doing a salsa dance.
the person stands still while crouching.
this person takes two steps forward, spins then takes two steps back.
a person walks in a sneaky way forwards.
person is practicing tennis techniques
a person is walking forward, spins around on their left foot, then walks back to where he came from
a person backs up and then sits down placing hands on legs.
a person doing a standing up dog impression
a person stands straight and stretches/rotates their neck in a clockwise motion.
a person careful walks forward while balancing on a hand rail and then turns and walks right.
a person with their hands on their hips, and their legs slightly spread apart, and bending up and down slightly.
a man walks forwards carefully with wide and uneven steps.
person walks forward and raises left hand.
a person steps forward, sits down, taps feet together while rubbing hands together.
a person seems to hold an object at chest height and rubs it with their left hand.
in a marching motion, the figure takes 6 steps fowards, slightly moving towards the left.
man walks raising hands up
a person takes one step, pivots around clockwise with the right foot on the second step, keeping the left foot up, then takes three more steps.
a man sits down and then stand back up.
a man kicks with something or someone with his right leg.
a person does a round house kick
a person is walking straight, picks something up with their left arm, and then walks back, repeating this another time.
this person stands up and appears to be talking on a phone.
walking in a circle with hands up.
a person first winds their right arm up, then both at the same time.
someone walks forward and then jumps up.
a person quickly drops his hands to rest on his upper thighs.
a person walks forward a few steps, and then he walks up a staircase.
the person makes a left turn.
moving hands around near face.
a figure puts their hands into a praying motion then out his arma back at his side.
a person raised the hands and shaked it on head
the person is walking towards the left.
man going for a short run then turning around and going back.
a person walks to a window and looks around.
a person walks forward and sits on something.
a man steps forward vigorously and then kicks something low with his left leg.
a person brings their arms up as if to hug their torso.
a man stretches his arms, and pauses to hold the position.
person walks quickly forward for 2 strides then stops.
a person is sitting down and moves their left hand in a circular motion then looks down and lowers their arms.
a person slowly walked forward
a person runs forwards, stops momentarily, and then begins to run forward again.
a person runs, stops, then runs again.
a person walks up straight ahead, takes a left turn and walks further until the next left turn.
a man walks forward, turns and does a flip.
a person kicks something with is right foot.
a person walks forward with a large object in their hands, puts the object down and continues to walk forward.
the man is bouncing a basket ball and then loses the ball.
kicking back with left foot then the right foot, one at the time
a man swings his left arm in a curling motion towards his body, and he then proceeds to swing the same arm in front of his body.
a person stands in place, crosses their arms and then puts them down by their side
a person bends down and picks something up and then sets it down
a person is waving with his left hand.
the person is warming up for a workout
a figure waves its arms, like it's stretching before working out, then claps its hands
a person raises their arms above their head kicks with their right leg.
a person turns their right palm upwards and lifts it towards their face and drops it back down again.
a person moves their hands back and forth as if using a broom.
a person steps forward and does a handstand, then returns to a standing position.
a person was runnin by making the circle and return
stick figure rotates counter counterclockwise walks backwards and then sits down
this person walks forward then skips then continues to walk.
a person runs forward then trips on something and tries to balance back while still running.
person walked from one side to the other.
a person is walking in a clumsy motion.
a person raises and lowers their right hand.
a person jumps forward once.
a person raises an object up and looks up at it.
a person standing still lifts their left arm to their mouth.
the person is walking around the room.
someone playing a sport or hitting a volleyball
jumping up and down with arms away from hips
someone walks forward at a casual pace.
a man walks forward, does two kicks to the side and then one kick to the front.
person looks like they're lifting weights
a person walks forward placing their left hand against something as they do.
a person steps up onto something, moves something from his right hand to his left, and starts rubbing something.
a person is walking in a line.
a person is walking loosely in a big counter- counterclockwise circle and swinging their arms.
a man walks and turns to the left.
a person raises his right arm above his head and returns his arm to his side.
a man gently hops but never leaves the ground.
this person jumps up and down on his left leg.
a person twists their ankle
a person has their forearms raised in front of them, then lowers them.
a person rings doorbell with left hand.
a person from a t pose walking and then sitting down
a person moves their left hand to the right and left as if showing something to people, then moves it up and down.
a man appears to be mixing something.
a person is walking very slowly forward and seems to be having trouble with bending both knees.
a person is doing basketball signals
walking from right to left to right then back to left
a standing person places their left foot forward and the their right pushing up as if they are walking on stairs
a person gestures with both arms.
a person spins their arms around, then mid section, and ends with spinning their feet around.
the person uses their arms to sort through the pile of clothes
person is jumping in same spot.
this person is seated and appears to play the drums.
the person was walking with a handbag on his shoulder.
a person bringing both arms up like a t shape and then putting them back together then dropping them down.
the body side steps one foot over the other in a clockwise circle.
a man carefully and slowly walks across a room.
the person is doing knee lifts.
person is walking then turning around and walking back.
a person walks right and left as if they are nervously pacing.
a person walks backwards slowly
a person walks forward slowly, using one hand at a time to pull themselves forward or keep their balance.
a person jogs and stops.
a person picks something up with both hands, moves it to the side, and then places it back down.
the man takes 10 normal step.
a person lifts his left and right hand.
a person taking one step backwards and leaning on a wall to squat down once to final return to his original spot.
person is walking forward like a robot
the man is moving his arms
a person walks straight backwards.
a person is walking around.
a figure steps forward to shake hands with it's left hand, steps slightly to it's left to clasp with both hands and shake, then moves to it's left several steps to shake hands with it's left hand again.
the person moved his arms straight out to the side and then put up over his shoulders.
this person bends at the knees with arms up at his head as if the bench weights.
a person picks something up and pours it out then sets it down again.
a person (likely female) is dancing with her arms and lifting her right leg up at the end
a man is sitting down and moving his hands
this person walks forward, turns then walks back.
a man is walking around in a circle.
the person is walking slowly or actingl ike a zombie.
a man looks behind him then turns 90 degrees.
a person uses both of their hands to curl an object 5 times at the same time.
a person is slowly shuffling side ways leading with their right leg.
person walks while putting left hand on the wall.
someone walks down a sidewalk and slips
a person dances on the spot while waving their left arm in the air, then poses with legs splayed and arms outstretched
a person steps forward and makes a side-to-side and an upward swatting motion with their left hand.
a person turns round 180 degrees in a counterclockwise direction then appears to open a ring pull can and drink out of it.
a man crouches, stands back up, scratches his head, and crouches again.
a man walks towards the left.
a person has left arm straight to side, and is trying to kick something with left leg
the person is jogging on the treadmill.
the person is walking around in a circle.
a person jumping up and forward
a man swings his arm across his chest
a person starts walking with their left foot first and takes eleven steps forward.
a person sits down and crosses their legs, before getting up and sitting down on the ground cross legged.
the person walks backwards carefully
person slowly bending and unbending his left hand in a various motions while the rest of the body keeps straight and steady.
a person walking forward upstairs.
the person is walking diagonally placing something on the ground.
a man touches his left knee with his left hand, and then he walks forward a few steps.  he then turns around and walks back to where he started, except he is now facing the opposite direction.
walking backwards and then stopping
this person is walking backwards diagnolly.
a person throws something with their right arm.
a man walks forward 2 feet and then turns to walk back.
a person walks in a circle to their right.
a person slowly walked forward
a person is doing a dance.
the toon runs then jumps.
the person is doing the sign of the cross.
he walks from one side to the other
a person walking in a straight line
a person lifts something up with both hands, then sets it down slightly to their left.
the man moves forward and puts his arms down
a person raises and then lowers their left hand.
a person turns to their right, walks forward then turns back around and walks halfway back to their starting point before stopping.
person stumbles back and regains balance
person picks up drink with right hand, takes a sip, and puts it down with left hand
person is acting like human dog.
a person is walking and then turns around and walks back
a person walks from back to front, hops on left leg and then stops.
a person starts in a stand up position, turns around to be seated, and then adjusts his seating a few times
the man has his hands on his knees then raises them, with elbows bent, to beside his head then back down to his sides.
a person does 2 jumping jacks.
a person walks forward at medium speed.
a perosn walking forward starting with his left foot, lifing his right foot higher then his left.
a person make a foul shot with a basketball and then makes a pass with a football.
a person walks forward. uses a fairly wide stance, looks aggressive and dominant
a person walks backwards, turns around and walks backwards the other way.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides walks forward, walks up four steps and stops.
a person slowly leans back to the left and then lifts their right shoulder upwards.
the person is walking to the right holding onto the handrail.
man reaches left arm down towards right leg then right arm down to left leg; creates stirring motion in the air with left arm and reaches right arm down to left leg and left arm down to right leg.
the person is pretending to be a chicken.
a person raises both arms up to a 90 degree angle and twists at the waist
a person takes two long strides forward, pivots swiftly on their right foot, and then walks the other way.
this person side wide to the right while looking around carefuly.
person takes two steps forward, spins on heels, and takes two steps back to starting point.
the person jogs in place
person lifting dunbells with both hands
a person leans to the right and raises their left arm over their head, then leans to the left
a person walking slowly forward with confidence
a figure seems to be playing golf and preparing to golf swing
a person walks a couple steps forward at a steady pace and then stands still once their done walking.
a person is sleepwalking in a zigzag pattern.
a person leans forward, extends his left arm to brace himself, gets down on both of his knees and picks something up with his left hand.
a person walks forward while keeping both arms to their side.
a person is running then takes big leap.
person stumbles with unsteady gait as walks in a counterclockwise circle
a person is pushed backwards from the front.
a person walks a curved line in a very stiff manner.
someone raises their left leg and extends it then lowers it
a person starts walking and turns to his left.
a person stand center of square and proceeds to push both arms up over the head and back down several times as if lifting a barbell weight
person has hands up in front of face
person walks quickly down a short incline
person is walking in a counterclockwise circle
a person walks in a counter counterclockwise circle.
a person walks towards a ladder then climbs it when he reaches the top he picks up a object with his left hand
person is on their knees.
a person walks up stairs while holding the rail.
the person was shaking hands with someone.
person is throwing a ball or other object
spinning body from side to side while raising arms.
a person standing with his hands by his sides takes a huge side step forward.
person stands feet apart with arms out to side then steps back with the right leg with right arm to side then left leg back into a normal upleft position
rhe man dances around waving his arms and kicking his legs.
a man is walking forward and jumps after.
a person runs in a large counterclockwise half circle and then returns to the starting point.
the figure looks like it is picking something up and raising it above its head twice.
the person is kicking with his right and left foot.
a person jumps backward.
a person walks confidently in a anti counterclockwise circle
a person who is poised to run steps to his right with is right foot and dashes to his left.
a person walks at a moderate pace.
the person takes several steps quickly.
someone is sitting down on a large throne and then getting back up
in there is a person stand behind it
a person sits, knees bent, legs crossed in front of them, twist their upper body to gain momentum, to forcefully throw with thei left arm before standing.
a man leans across his table, craning his neck to the right, so as to better see the kitchen from his position.
a person makes a shaking motion in front of their face with their left hand and then makes the motion of picking up an object and taking a drink with their left hand.
a person scratches head with left hand.
a person is bent forward and swats at something on the ground with their left hand.
the person walks forward with their left hand raised, then sways with both hands raised.
the person appears to stumble backwards.
this person stand stills and uses his right arm as if to clean a counter.
a man swings a gulf club.
a person slowly walked backward by back
a man walks to the right to pick something up, then returns to his place to mix something together.
person stands with arms and legs apart.
a person walks a few steps, then loses their balance and waves their arms up while moving to the side, then takes a few more steps.
a person walks forwards and turns around on their right foot.
a person pours something into an object and then steps backwards.
a person takes a quick step backwards and to their left.
a man picks up a flat object with both hands and places it on the right side.
a person walks straight backward.
a person slowly walks backward in a straight line.
a person is playing the violin.
person runs forward and then jumps forwards with both feet and lands on two feet
a person is in a fighting stance and moves across the room.
the person is scratching head.
a man walks to the edge of the cliff, swings back the fishing pole, then forward sending his fishing line real far into the ocean.
a person with there knees bent and their arms out in front of them throws awkward punches with their arms
a person walks forward, turns around then walks back.
person walks forward as though walking on a runway, turns and walks back
a person bends down, picks something up, then moves their hand around and sets the item down
a person lowers their left hand to in front of their chest, moves it around a little and then raises their hand to their head.
a person uses their right arm to smack someone across the face
using hands to wipe something
a person raises their hand, turns to their left while waving, and then stops and lowers their hand.
a man raises his arms then walks across a room.
a standing person suddenly staggers to the right in a large sideways step, using their arms to steady their balance.
the person walks around in a circle with their elbows bent inward slightly.
an animal uses both of its hands to eat food
a person walks on a balance beam, briefly losing his balance, regaining his balance, and he continues on.
a person bends over to loosen a bolt with a wrench
a person walks in a s shape.
a person walks forward, increases his pace, and then leaps in the air.
a person steps forward slightly then waves with its left hand.
a stick figure walks diagonally, then stands still.
a person jogs forward a few steps, then turns sharply to his left and continues jogging.
a man repositions objects on a shelf then steps back away from them.
a man walks forward and touches something, then backs away.
the man is eating with his finger
a person slowly moved in right direction
person kicks three times with left and once with right leg.
he walks deliberately forward with his hands by his sides with very little motion.
a person side steps back and forth jogging.
a person walks straight forward down steps.
man intertwines his fingers in front of him into a big fist then brings it up and behind his left shoulder then swings his hands out in front in a casting motion; bring his hands back to his chest and moves his left arm in a clockwise circular motion.
a man raises his left hand, and then brings his hands together and starts rowing by pulling his hands back. he then brings his hands down in a wavy pattern.
the person hopped a big step to the right.
a person dances around a room
the man is marching like a soldier
a person stands still with hand to the side, until their left shoulder moves in a bummped motion.
throwing something while standing.
a person steps forward and notices someone, they raise there arms and bow down in a traditional greeting fashion.
a person puts his left hand in the air and then his right.
the person looks as if they are boxing, throwing punches
a person calmly walks in a counterclockwise circle and returns to his original position.
the person is doing jumping jacks.
a person who is standing with his arms out and level with his shoulders drops his arms, then swings his left arm forward four times, then swings his left arm backwards four times and stops.
a person is walking around like a chicken
person walks forward with a regular stance. looks to be walking normally
the person is ice-skating backwards
a person waves with their left hand to a large group of people around them
the man is sitting down
the person is waving someone by
the person is jogging to the right in a circle.
a person that shouts and goes down to tie their laces and then get up and lifts their arms up
person walks fast five paces
a man steps backward and then puts his hands up in front of his face.
person carefully walks with left right first in a straight direction
a man leans forward, then flaps his arms like a chicken.
the person twisted slightly right then twisted back to the left bringing their right hand up diagonally and to the left near their neck.
a person is standing with a gap between their feet, extending their right hand four times at chin level, inward then back out, lowing their right hand to do the same motion at lower chest level twice, swaying their body slightly.
a person walks forward and bumps into something.
a person is walking forward, then turns to the left and keeps walking
a person walks forward, turns around abruptly, then walks back to the original position.
the person jumped vertically up.
a person lifts their hands to their face.
person stumbles to their right back diagonal.
a man is walking forward fast
a person moving to the left side turns around to touch something with left hand, then turns around again and walks, then stands and gyrates hips slightly.
a person is shaking something in their left hand, then picks up something with their right and shakes them both at the same time.
a person is walking up a flight of steps
a person takes a step forward.
this person shuffles left then walks forward and circles back.
a person stayed on the place
a person rotates both shoulders, stretches his right arm across his chest and lifts bot arms above their head.
a person steps forward and kicks their left foot sideways.
a person jumps to the right.
a person looks at something and throws it over their shoulder.
a person reaches up above his head with his left hand, makes a scratching motion with his left hand and then lowers his arm to his side.
a person takes two steps before coming to a full stop
a person holding both of there hands infront of them
person jerks both hands up and down while turning to the right and then left slightly.
person walks forward bangs head and then  sits down raises arms then gets back up
a person walks over a beam
the person picks up a cup, drinks, and places it back down.
a person bounced six times.
a person raises their right arm up
a person stretches their left shoulder back and fourth.
a figure does a dance where it waves its arms around then makes a large jump and then steps back to its original position.
a person uses their right arm to get up from a kneeling position
a person crouches down, then stands up and outstretches their arms.
someone is walking in a semicircle to the left side
a man twists his body towards three different positions and strecths his arms and back.
a person lashes out with their right hand, punching.
a person picks up an object and walks forward.
a person slowly walks to the left.
person walks forward one step and uses the italian "f-u" hand sign to end up in a gangster stance
a person quickly walks forward.
the person is throwing with a left hand.
person runs in a diagonal line.
a person looks to explain somethign to someone with hand jestures and then starts to explain a front-crawl swimming motion.
person is doing a dance
a man leans forward slightly, stands on one foot, and kicks his other foot out behind him quickly
person jogs forwards while turning slightly to the left.
the person look forward and then turned around to the right.
a person stepping back and raising arms to face in self defence.
the person is walking around.
someone is walking around in circle's
a man walks in a counter counterclockwise circle.
trying out my range of motion
a person holds their arms out in front of them, squats, then swivels from side to side
person leads left then right feet forward in right to left half circle then stops
a figure walks gingerly, stiffly in an arc
the person is standing up wiggling his arms back-and-forth
the person is making a gesture with his left hand.
a person squats on the ground while eating something with his left hand.
the person is walking around doing something
a person lifts object on to its side from right to left.
a person is patting something in front of him, moves it to his left and then pats something again.
a man takes 2 steps forward then leans down and wipes a surface with his right hand.
stick figure stands still taking one step forward with its hands interlocked
a person emulates a chicken by flapping their wings.
a person holds their arms up as if holding a dance partner's hand and back, then dances in a square pattern.
the person is walking forward.
walking forward in a diagonal line.
a person is acting like a monkey
the person is jumping rope backwards.
a person who is standing with his hands out from his sides raises his left arm as if looking out into the distance, nods forward and continues to look out, then drops his arm and resumes his original stance.
the person kicks their left leg, then jumps up in the air.
a figure gestures in frustration by extending then throwing down their left arm
a man takes a few steps forwards, spins counterclockwise twice, then spins clockwise twice.
the person had his hands out to the side and put his hands down on his lap.
a person is walking very slowly forward.
a person walks forwards, and steps up and over a structure.
a man walks forward slightly swinging his arms.
the person takes the lid of a bottle and drinks it
the person is doing his exercises.
person steps to their right 2 paces and back again 2 paces, then one small side step right
a person punches forward with their right hand
a person takes a step forward, turns around and walks back behind them, then turns around to face their front.
a person shifts from left to right with hands to their face.
a person standing up squats down, by bending both knees slightly outward and raising both of their arms above their head simultaneously. then they stand up straight and complete the motion one more time.
the person flaps their arms, bending forward
a person reaches to their left, moves both of their hands together and moves them back to the right. they repeat this process once again slowly and methodically.
person is walking sideways.
a person is standing with their arms out at both sides, the person the drops the arms down to their sides.
a person looks at their right hand.
person kicks a ball far
a person is walking backward while looking at the ground.
person carefully kneels down. first with left leg, then with the right one.
a person is kneeling on his left leg whilst holding his right knee with both hands
a person is pushed from the right and recovers balance.
a person drives forward to the left and then curves to the right.
a person swims freestyle.
the figure takes a seat, appears to make a throwing motion, and then stands up.
the person walked forward and is picking up his toolbox.
a man walks forward with his left hand up against his head, then takes one step backwards.
a person walked forward in right right direction
person walks around in half circles and then feet shuffle side to side
a figure walks forward and to the right
a person lifts both hands above their head, moves both hands rapidly outwards and back to above their head, then lowers both arms.
person moves backwards. they take a few steps back
the person takes a step back with it's left foot, raising its left hand in a throwing motion similar to a baseball pitcher
a person waves his right hand while pivoting from one leg to the other then does the same with his left hand.
person is jogging with arms bent at elbows
a person who is pacing back and forth.
this person is using his arms as if to move items from left to right.
person is carefully scratching their head or ear.
a person walks forward spins to the left then walk back
a man sidesteps to his right twice, stops, then cross-steps to the left twice.
a person jogs and hops over object.
a person walks forward extremely slowly.
a person slowly walked backwards
someone lowers both hands from above his head, then taps in front of him with his left hand.
a person throws something with his left hand.
from a stationary position a person raises their left hand shoulder height and back to their side.
the person runs in a straight line at a 45 degree angle to their right.
a person walks forward and turns on their foot before walking back
a person steps backwards slowly.
a person picks something up with both hands at mid thigh height, lifts it to waist height then sets it down close to the original position
a person takes a step to his left.
a person walks around and stops.
a person walks forward turns left around and walks back.
a person slowly jumped forward
a person quickly climbs a flight of stairs.
a person bends at the knees and picks up something with both hands, before standing and placing it down in front of them.
a person walks forward, turns, then sits, then stands and walks back
a man slowly moves forward while squatting.
person walks straight then looks like it takes a couple steps up
person appears to take a cap off of something, then rubbed it on their underarms.
a man walks in a straight line.
a man is standing and then suddenly turns to look over his left shoulder.
discovery of something  unknown near the chest area
person is moving their wrists and ankles. looks like they're beginning to exercise
a person who is standing with this hands by his sides raises his arms in front of him, bends his knees and squats and rises to his original position.
a person runs and then they walk.
a person stands still and then takes one quick step forward.
the person is pushing with his right arm.
swings left arm up while right is staying still
he is moving his left hand in round motion and then touched his head with the same hand.
the person walks downstairs, gripping a railing with their right hand, and stops at the bottom of the stairs.
the person is walking forward and 10 steps.
a man standing in place shakes his body and hands close to himself, then throws both hands foreward, and then throws his left hand foreward.
a person walks turning to the right.
man moves forward, looks around, then moves left and up, looking around again.
a person who is standing with his arms by his sides does three straight jumping jacks and returns to standing with his arms by his sides.
person is walking in an unbalanced and silly way
the sim is walking with both hands on a hand rail, appearing to be walking trough a hallway grabbing both a rail with both hands again.
a person stumbles forward while maintaining his balance.
a person walks and waves their arms like a monkey.
a person is walking forward.
a man is trying to walk but stumbling and unsteady
a person creeps around slowly
kicking feet in place.
a person reaches for something then places it to the left side.;
person squats down to their knees, and then begins to crawl around in random directions. seems to be playful
a man touches his head with both hands before lowering them.
the person stars moving both hands in an up and down motion.
a person walks forward at an angle to the left, then swings their right hand.
a person runs from the top left to the bottom right of the screen.
person moves to the right aggressively, shoulder first. seems to be more aggressive
a person is getting a running start and jumping over something, turning around and doing it again.
the person was kneeling and then stood up carrying something.
a person climbs to the top of the ladder, brushes something off the top platform of it, and then proceeds to climb back down again.
he accidentalyy hurts his back
a person running to the left
a person stands while swinging their arms to the side.
a person hunches fowrad and swings their arms to act like a monkey.
a person walks backwards in a fairly straight line.
the person was pushed while walking across the balance beam.
a person does four jumping jacks then three front lunges.
the person is setting up the subject for a picture.
a person is squatting while moving their hands.
the man does a double dribble sign.
walking forward and stomping feet.
person walks in a counterclockwise circle.
a person dribbles ball then shoots it in the basket.
a person bends at the waist to the left.
a person brings the hands together in the center of the body, then rotates the hands to the right side, then to the center, then throws both hands into the air, separating at the top of trajectory.
a person fastly walked forward
running from side to side.
person walks in a curved line to the right then back, then they begin moving their left hand in a circular motion.
a person walks forward and stops.
a man steps backwards while raising and lowering his hands.
a man kicks to the right with his left foot and tyrns his whole body to the right.
the figure bends down on its hands and knees and then crawls forward.
a person walks in a circle clockwise.
a person raises their left hand to their chest and their right hand out, then step to the right and left rhythmically.
a person stumbles to the left
person bounces a ball to their left hand side
the person is playing the violin with both of his hands
a person just walks forward in a straight motion.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle and then sits down at their starting position.
a person jump ropes.
subject walks forward and stops.
a person slowly walks forward with their arms swinging gently at their sides.
a person walks along a curve
person is walking down an incline with their hands out to the side as if they were walking on a balance beam trying to keep their balance
a person sits down on the ground in lotus position then gets back up.
a person is doing a jumping jack.
a person walks in a small circle to the right.
the person cross his legs and sat down
a person hits their left foot on something while walking.
a person steps forward then turns around to walk multiple time before stopping with their back turned
person walks forward in a rightward direction.
a person gets on all fours and starts crawling around.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person crawling backwards slowly.
a person is circling to their right as they gesture in a striking motion with their left hand, then they gesture the same way with their right hand, before turning back and gesturing in an overhead throwing motion with their left hand.
person walks forward while moving hips slightly.
a person takes one large diagonal step to their front left
person stays still while their knees are slightly bent. look to be relatively still
a person kneels and strikes fist forward.
a man slowing walking forward
person walks forward, bends down, grabs two beverages, and pours them into one container.
a person stomps up some stairs
a person grebbaed something and put it somewhere
a person unzips their pants with their left hand.
a person walks around and stops.
a man walks forward with his arms at his side.
a person walks counterclockwise in a circle.
a walking person is pushed by an unseen force, but they recover and continue on their way.
a man jumps with both hand up in the air like jumping jacks.
standing, a person lifts his left hand over his head and stretches
a person who is walking moves forward taking six confident strides.
a person shuffles to their left, then shuffles back to their right, then shuffles to their original position, all without crossing their legs.
the person picks up the item and puts it on the other side
a person jogs forward with arms moving to his side.
the man climbs 3 tall stairs.
a person is waving their hand.
a person takes a couple of steps, grabs something then steps back
the person is standing with both hands extend to the side and slightly swaying back and forth.
a man moves arms out at his side and in front of him in a swimming motion.
a person lowers to ground and walks on all fours.
person is walking forward with their heads on the table.
a person lifts up a box on the left side and puts it on the right side
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides turns to the left as he takes four steps and stops.
a person jauntily skips forward.
a person steps back two steps and lowers to a crouch position.
a person is on their stomach turning their hand from right to left.
a person is on his knees and then gets up by pushing himself up with his left hand
a person is running quickly forward.
a person stood sideways i put his hand on his head and then turn back around forward.
a person holds left hand over right forearm, releases hand, and stands up straight with arms by his side.
the figure man is moving in a theatrical ways, hunching and walking sadly and dramatically.
a person claps their hands together
a man puts something in his hand, and puts his arm back in a throwing motion.
a person rubs their hand and then walks over and sets down an object.
person moves forward with arms moving dancing and then a turn then  walks back
a person jumps around from one foot to the other and does a backflip.
the person quickly walks forward, and picks something up.
a person steps foreward and to their left, then turns to face their right
a person paces back and forth several times from right to left.
a person heavily walks forwards.
a person holds both hands up in front of his face, and then kicks with his left leg.
a person holds both arms in front of them, bent at the elbow and jabs the air if front of them in a motion that appears to be like boxing.
walking from side to side then stopping.
a man is walking forward then steps over an object then continues walking forward.
a man lifts his arms above his head, brings them to his hips and then grabs his right forearm with his left hand.
a person kicks and punches in a manner consistant with martial arts.
a person loses their balance while walking
a person dances side to side moving their arms wide in and out.
a person walks forward, arms unmoving then they run back.
person picked an object up.
the person is is moving or eating something.
a person uses both hands to lift and move an object.
a person takes four large steps diagonally forward and stops.
a person is moving their arms to warm up.
a person walks up really fast.
a person stretches by putting their right arm over their head.
the jogs from one end to the other in a diagonal fashion.
the man stands up and walks away
a person sitting eats with their right hand.
a person gets up from a seated position and sits back down after a second
a person sat on something
person proceeds to perform jumping jacks.
the person is walking forward.
person puts left hand down then lifts right up and brings it to face.
a man holds an object to his face with both hands while moving his upper body from right to left.
person is running in right diagonal straight line
a person jumping up and down.
a person walks slowly on a treadmill
a man is hunched over with his arms bent to either side, then steps forward, picks something up with his left arm, then turns to his left and steps over to set it down on something.
a person bends their back to stretch.
a person walks several steps forward.
a person is standing and moves their arms up to their face to take a sip of something in their hand.
the person is kneeling down and looks like he's hiding.
the person has washing his right arm.
the man crab crawls across the area and back.
a person walks like a zombie.
person throws something then catches something else on the spot
a man paces back and forth along the same line.
the person is walking forward turning left
the person walks backwards, turnaround and walks backwards back to the starting point, then walks backwards in a differnet direction.
the person walks side to side
a person walks forward and stops.
the person is in a sitting position with his arms in front them when they raise their arms out to the side, lower them, and raise their arms again before bringing them back to their original position.
a person raises their arms in a large circle, then gestures with their left hand.
a person walks forward and suddenly stops moving forward and stay at the same position while moving his feet.
a person scratches their head with their left hand.
a person lifts their left arm and slaps something, then repeats the motion again.
a person walks forward then quickly shuffles to the right then walks back to the left.
the video shows stick figure moving forward using his hands and feet.
starting with their left foot, a person proceeds down a set of stairs.
the person raises its blue shoulder.
a person bends down to grab something, then moves their arm
a person lifts left arm straifht in front to chin level and back down.
a person steps forward, bends down slightly, uses left hand to pick an item and drop it to its right, and steps backward to original position.
the man stretches and kicks his right leg.
person turns slightly to right side with left hand clasped above head pushing something forward in the air  with right hand held chest height
the person was limping forward then turned around and went the other direction.
a man walks forwards and then stops.
a person quickly runs forward and stoops to pick up an object before carrying it off.
the sim takes a cross sideways step before crouching a bit sliding back and forth accross the plane.
a person carefully stepping backwards.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides takes one big step to his right.
the person steps back on their left leg before pitching a baseball forward.
a person jumps once in the air.
a man is walking with normal distance between feet and then steps forward a greater distance to step over something.
someone is running in place and then stops.
a man jumps forward once.
a person waves above their head with both hands one at a time.
a person zig zagging in line
a person with his arms up and to the side tilts his body to the left, right, to the left side, right side, and then forward, tilting his body downwards.
the body wake gracefully with arms out straight.
a person take several steps forward, pivots on the right leg, and walks back.
person moving hands in various motions
a person kneel son their left knee and then their right knee.
a person walks awkwardly forward and picks something up with their left hand.
a person has both arms raised, bending at the elbows. they lift their right hand up to take a drink.
a person turns and leans to the left while bringing up right foot to knee height, leans slightly back bringing both hands together as if holding a ball, kicks his foot and returns to original position
a person walks slightly in a left diagonal direction while holding his left arm still
a person casually walks, curving to the right.
person with weights on their hands, descends by flexing and stretching their legs
the man first stands still. he than picks up both hands and puts them into a strumming position with his right hand doing the strumming. he strums five times than places both hands back to his sides.
a man sits on something and holds it with both hands and then stands up.
throwing something with hand.
a man sits down, then raises both hands to shoulder height and lets them back down, and then rubs his belly with his right hand.
a figure carefully rolls forward on a log before putting out both arms in clelbration
the person walks backwards and stops.
a person walks forward and grabs something
a person is hunched over and looks around.
a person flaps their arms up and down while stepping around
a person leans over, grabbing object with left hand. walk over and commences rubbing motion with left hand/ arm.
a person staggers backwards and takes a fighting stance. they strafe left, block with both hands, then perform a forward lunging kick with their left leg.
a person is dancing and then twirls around.
a person gets on all fours and starts crawling.
person bends body forward then walks half circle in a counterclockwise direction
a person stands while lifting something.
the person is waving hi.
a person jumps with legs open while clapping with hands over head simultaneously.
the person is in the shower washing his right arm.
a bent person grabs things with both hands and walks forwards.
a person hops in place three times.
a person bent, raises both arms at the same time, lowers them and raises
it is a person opening up a chest and briefly looking inside of it, then closing the chest back.
a person walks in a circular motion anti counterclockwise.
a person puts both hands up forming a "y" shape with their body.
a person raised the both hands and did something
a person casually walks down stairs without grabbing a railing then stands still.
a person walks up stairs.
person is walking cautiously like they're sneaking around
a man moves his right and left arms up and down.
a person walks forward while balancing with their arms out.
the person performs a throw with his left arm
person is practicing their kicking
a person is running forward.
a person walks forward with one step and uses left hand to move an object from one spot to another in front of him and steps back to his starting position.
an individal takes side steps, crosses arms,  thenbsteps back to original poaition in-crossinf arms in pocess.
someone lifts heavy weight with their left hand using a slight bit of effort.
the man takes 4 steps backwards.
a person turns to the right, picks up an object and holds it near their head, places the object down and turns to the left.
the man is doing extra fancy charleston
a person is laying splayed face-down on the ground, and he pushes himself backward across the ground.
a person doing jumping jacks in a single spot.
a person side steps, moving one leg at a time to the right and then does the same kind of side step to the left.
a man walks forward while swinging his shoulders from side to side.
a person is walking slowly in place.
a person moves around their wrists in front of their face while coordinating with their ankles.
someone is jogging in place, waving their arms up and down and then moving in a circle.
a person moves quickly in a forward direction.
a person walks forward a few steps, then jogs a few steps with their arms loose at their sides.
a person walks forward, turns 180 degrees and walk back the opposite direction.
a person scampers forward and to his left, turns around, and scampers in the other direction.
a person walks forward, briefly sits down, and then stands and walk back in the opposite direction.
a person keeps his hands up to the sides at head level, squats almost to the floor and rises, squats again until thighs are parallel to the floor and quickly rises, and squats almost to the floor and rises.
a person moves their arms around in front of them, touching things with their hands.
a person jumps while putting both legs out and their arms up, then returns their arms and legs to a standing position
a man turns around and proceeds to take steps backwards.
a person walks forward and staggers slightly to the left.
a person walks backwards several steps.
stick figure stands an object up holding it a few seconds before setting it back down
a person is squatting and stands up with both hands in the air.
a person sidesteps back and forth then moves backward.
the person was doing a cool walk.
a person steps to the left then sits down.
runing backward on that standard place.
someone is exercising legs and arms
man lifts his left hand to his mouth
person gets down on all fours
a person is dancing, holding an invisible partner, moving from one side to another.
person moves their arms up to their breast area then spreads them out like the sign to show no.
a person punches in front of them with their left hand.
the person is walking and making a right turn.
a man standing on one leg and moves the other around
a person runs forward with arms bent at the elbow
a person waves arms above head and then right arm up followed by left arm up.
a person walks forward normally
the person is lifting the dumbbells over his head.
a person walks in a tight line (on a beam or string).
a person runs at a comfortable brisk pace.
a person takes thirteen steps backward
a person slowly walked forward in left direction
person stands with arms extended to their side then lower them then walk forward then  swing arms side to side then go to side swinging arms still then punches in front
the person is taking a cook off the shelves with his left arm.
a man kicks something with his left foot.
a person flails his arms with his right arm raised above his head and his left arm down, then moves his right arm down and left arm up and flails his arms again
the man steps in an s shape.
a person reaches up with the right then the left.
a person is walking in an unbalanced and wobbly way.
person is performing calf raises
the man is pretending to be a plane i think
a person walks forward and then gets on all fours, crawls forward and then stands up again.
a person grabbed soemthing and put it somewhere
a man does a work out. he takes a jump with hands on his side and then raising them up in the air and then come back to his normal position. he did this six times.
moving hand back and forth near waist.
a person shuffles his feet and then swings his left arm overhead.
a person hesitantly climbs a ladder
person stretches left quad with the left hand, then the right quad with the right hand, and then stretches their side by reaching the left arm to the side overhead
a person pivots on their left foot and looks to their right, turning their body.
a standing figure folds his arms across his chess, then unfolds his arms.
walks forward a few steps, then reaches the hands toward the ground and back up again to turn around and walk.
a person does a karate kick.
a person bends their arms with their hands under their armpits and flaps their arms like wings
a man grabs an object above his head with his left hand.
the figure is doing two jumping jacks.
person is facing forwards then take a step with the red foot backwards, then the blue foot, then the red, then the blue and stops
person extends arms in the air as they wave
a person sways while walking backwards.
a person has both hands together and brings his right hand to his face.
a person walks in a counter counterclockwise motion.
a man steps forward, swings his leg, and turns all the way around.
person is making animal like gestures
a person waves with both hands.
a person waves to a crowd as he looks to his right, left and then straight ahead.
gently swings his arms back and forth.
walking forward and having a stumble to the right
a person walking with wild legs.
a person raises their red arm and puts it back down twice.
person is doing robotic like movements
person is making attention gesture
a person walking in the straight line forward.
a person turns to his / her left then walks, then turns around and walks again before turning again and walking again.
the person is doing a warm up the back and forth.
the person is walking back-and-forth in a wiggly line.
a person slow pacing up a line.
a person side steps to the right and sits down.
a person shakes shoulders on the spot.
the person is twisting his arms straight out words.
a person walking in a curved line
a person steps backwards quickly, shakes their hands out by their side, then walks forward.
a person walks backwards in a straight line.
a man raises his left arm up to chest level, then puts it back down.
a man walks in a curved line.
person is scratching their head.
a person stands at the bottom edge of the path left in the center with a slight squat, raises both arms, places them down, then raises the left red arm and holds it there for a few seconds before placing it back down
the figure completes three jumping jacks while facing the viewer.
a person shimmies then starts exercising by lifting up their knees.
a person walks forward slowly.
a person slowly stepped backwards
the person takes 4 steps swinging their leg out for each step, on the last step its twice as far.
a man turns slightly then brings his arms up over his head and slams them down in a frustrated manner, before sweeping the air in front of him angrily with his left hand.
a man walks forward before turning around and running back.
a person fastly swimming forward
a person walks forwards, picks up something with their right hand, brings it to their face and puts it down.
a person walks is standing still and moving their arms and hands with exaggerated and fluid movements.
sit on the floor and moving the hands.
a person walks down a ramp.
a person crawls forwards on their hands and knees, turns around, then stands up and faces right.
a person gets up from sitting.
a person raises their left hand then places it back down.
a person who is sitting takes his phone out of his right pocket with his right hand and presses the keys with his left fingers.
a person walks up steps
the person is wiping something with a sponge.
a person takes a few steps, appears to be hit by something, takes a few more steps and then appears to be hit again.
a person wipes the wall or a window with something in their hand
a person walks in the shape of an s
a man steps forward, bows, then turns to his left, bows again, and then turns once again to his left.
a person acts as if they are stamping something down with both hands.
a figure slowly lumbers forward before turning around and stepping up, then stepping down.
moving arms around and standing on one leg.
a person is in a squatting position for the whole clip and raises their right arm as if they were taking a drink for five seconds and then lowers arm as if setting a cup down.
a person walks slowly forward.
a person walks forwards, turns around, then walks forwards and turns around.
a person steps forward and puts their hand up.
a person has his arms extended outwards, then brings them down, then looks on the floor to his right
the person spins in place counterclockwise 4 times.
a person sits down on a stool, stands up, and sits down again switching legs each time.
a person kicks two balls with his left foot, the first to his right and the second to his left.
a person walks forward just like a mummy
a man lightly sways from side to side, then turns to the right and picks up an object with his left hand.
a person waiving their hand in front of their face
a person is pushed backwards and then turns around, with caution.
a person is acting out the nursery rhyme i'm a little teapot by making a handle left their left hand and a spout with their right hand and moving in a motion where they are pouring the tea out.
a person lifts their left arm up then down.
a person walks slowly in a straight line, stopping with his left foot forward.
the person lowers his left arm and takes a step forward.
person does a variant of jumping jacks
a person holds a large container up to their face as if taking a drink
a person holds a disc in their left hand and then turns to throw it.
[from 4s- to 9s] a person waves their left hand repeatedly above their head.
a man is practicing shadowboxing.
a person walks counterclockwise in a circle.
a person get there exercise by walking on a treadmill on the speed slow
a person is taking side steps to the left, then walks to the right.
a person steps forward, turns clockwise, walks back, squats down, picks something up with their left hand,  then turns clockwise and tosses the item over to his right hand as he walks back again.
person raises hands upwards, then lower them back down and squats on the floor. seems like they're doing some type of physical activity
a person runs forward and slightly to the left for 3 or 4 steps.
a person dips down with their left hand extended, turns to their right and makes a washing motion with their left hand.
a person stretches both arms upward above their head, grasping their hands together, and leans to the right and left repeatedly bending from the hips.
a person is acting like a monkey by putting his left hand on his head, then both hands
a person jumps forward one time.
a person in a squatting position rotates their hand in a counter counterclockwise rotation and then touches both their shoulders with there hands.
a man rotates his writsts in front of him, then off to the side, then moves his left and right legs.
someone is walking up the stairs
a figure jazzilly steps backward then walks forward, as though walking to music or a beat
a person in running and has to crawl under an obstacle to continue
he starts to walk slowly
a man picks up an object with his left hand and places it in front of him.
a person's left hand moves towards the ground, the right hand, right leg, and left leg touch the ground in order.  the person turns and starts the same movement beginning with the person's right hand.
a person is sitting or squatting and makes motions towards their head with their right hand.
a man does one jumping jack in place.
a person raised the both hands and did some jesture
a person throws to small object from the ground.
the person was lifting a bunch of weights.
this person seems to be picking up a bottle, walking forward as they open the bottle, and proceeds to pour over a small area in front of them.
a person waves with left hand.
a person is walking, turns around on their left foot and casually walks along the ground.
a person who is holding his hands at the level of his head lifts both of his arms above his head two times.
a person does a throwing motion with his left arm
the person looks around from side to side
a person holds both of their arms.
person moves slightly clock wise then sits down on a chair and moves tip toed with chair to there left side
the person is square box dancing.
the person jog forward jumped over some things kept walking forward.
person is doing a ballet dance move.
person walks forward, appears to be pushed, recovers, then continues to walk forward.
a person pulls two objects together at and above shoulder height twice.
a person remained sitting down.
a person walks forward and takes a couple steps then bends down and picks something up, and then turns around and walks back. then bends down and looks like it sets something down.
the person walks quickly at an angel to the right, while their body is turned to the left
while standing waving your hand in a circular pattern.
the person balances on one leg, and then puts their leg down.
this person walks forward slowly while holding both arms straight up.
a person takes a large hop to the side.
a man is running in place and then steps backwards and crouches.
a person walks forward a few steps, turns around mid-step, places their hands on the ground and begins to crawl forward on their hands and knees.
person walks forwards with right hand supporting,
a person puts both hands up and lightly jumps up and down.
a person slowly walked forward
the person catches and throws something.
the person is acting out the nursery rhyme cock robin.
a person sets something down and walks backward.
a person slightly raises their right hand in front of them.
forward walking and it ends
the man stretches bend then stretches more side to side with his arms in the air.
stick figure is holding its left rm up in the air
a person takes a step backward, carefully gets down on his hands and knees, then crawls forward.
a person walks in a curved path to the right.
a person gets down and crawls forward on their hands and feet, then turns around and crawls back before standing back up.
a person moves his right arm describing something, then uses his left arm to pretend playing golf
take the both the hands and put into the hand.
a person has injured their arm
a person is sitting and raises his left hand to eat.
person is adjusting their sitting position
a man walks forward and attempts to do a cartwheel, sits down and then stands up again.
a person waves their right hand and then their right forearm and then waves both arms over their head.
a person walks forward reaches for something with their left hand turns and walks back and forward again reaches for the same spot and walks back again.
person standing straight, then with both hands reaches to the left. hold that position for two seconds and return to the standing rest position.
the figure walks slowly and takes a few rather lumbering steps foward, their arms sway gently beside their sides and give off an altogether rather unaffected air.
person uses their left arm to point at something/someone and their points in another direction
he done a fall done accident
the man is making gestures
a man kneels down and takes a seat for a second and then stands back up
a man moves around objects with both his hands.
a person stayed on the place and after up the right leg
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle.
person waves at someone, and then fidgets side-to-side.
a person casually walks forward, rotates on the spot, walks back the way they came and turns again
a man is doing jumping jacks.
the man moves forward at a normal pace
a person stands with their left arm out, bent at the elbow. their right arm is forward, curling up at the elbow.
a person is stretching side to side and back about to lean forward.
the person is getting up on a stool to sit.
a person rocks a baby, hold the baby up, then continues to rock the baby.
a man waves his left arm a few times before lowering it to his side.
a standing figure repeatedly touches his head with his hand.
character moves arms in a no movement then points twice with right hand.
a person twists to the left and picks something up with their left hand.
a man steps back and sits down before standing back up.
the man has his hands up and twists to the left.
a person is walking forward with their arms still.
a person jumps up and down 2 times.
a man walks forward on a line.
a figure seems to be loosely in boxing stance
moving the hands and legs like a exercises.
person makes fighting block and gets into fighting stance
a person takes four steps moving to his right and stops.
person was walking towards the left.
a person puts his hands on his thighs.
a person slowly walked forward and after return backwards
a person sits and stands back up.
raising hands and swinging them.
the man is stretching his hips
a man lifts something heavy upwards twice.
a person stumbles forward a few steps.
the person is walking in a counter counterclockwise circle.
person is stirring something with left hand
a person makes a "stop" signal with his hands, places hands on hips then brings hands out in front of him.
a person puts their right hand to their head, waves it in the air, then sets it on their head
walking ahead and to the left
the person was pushed but did not fall.
raising arms and then kneeling
a person is standing, raising their left hand towards the center of their body, and then brings left hand back down to the side.
a person stands with both arms extended slightly in front of them.
the person walks in a half circle then jogs in place.
a person vigorously runs in place.
a person waves both arms over their head.
a man opening up his arms and started dancing.
a person lifts their left hand over their head and extends both knees upward.
a person clasps their hands in front of them at chest level.
a person holds their hands together and throws them over each shoulder and back towards the ground in front of him.
a person who seems to take a free throw shot
a man gets down on his knees, crawls and then gets up again.
a person uses their left hand to scratch their right wrist.
a person lifts something with both hands and does this twice.
the person is doing jumping jacks.
a person jogs forward while kicking their feet back slightly with each stride
someone greeting while standing and raising hand
the person hops on their right leg before then switching to their left leg
a person struggles to stand still and stumbles
a person does three squats and then runs in place
a person is sitting and rubs right leg with right hand and then raises right hand up.
a person walks forward, then is pushed to their right and then returns to walking in the line they were.
a person who is standing moves his body and shoulders slightly to the right and returns to his original position.
a person steps to the right while crossing left foot behind right foot, then steps back to the left.
aperson slowly walked forward, adn sit down on somewhere
a person doing jumping jacks.
a person kicks their feet around in a sighn of impatience.
person jumps up twice with there shoulder locked and arms up and down
a person seems to be counting something on the shelves
a person moves both hands in opposite circles in front of their body.
a person raises their right arm to their face then drops it back by their side.
a person is drumming on multiple drums.
person reaches forward, pulls hand back with something in hand. turns left, extends arms open as if opening a coat, then resumes original stance
man is standing straight, feet not moving, hinges at the waist to reach both hands down to his feet, the puts his arms up, bent at the elbows, twists his torso to the right, and then to the left, and then facing forward leans over to the right, and then over to the left, stretching
person jogs in place then stops.
a man waves with his right hand.
a man walks in a counterclockwise circle while holding something to his right shoulder.
a person standing and shaking their whole body.
a person walks away diagonally to his left and then turns around.
a person walks up stairs.
the person is walking with his handbag.
a figure dances with their arms in the air.
kicking something to the side.
a person relaxed and  walking uphill.
person is turning around in circles
walking forward and then stopping.
person is walking back and forth.
a person limps forward, and then turns around and limps back.
the sim appears to be boxing with both their right & left arms.
the person is walking down the stairs.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides jogs clockwise in ever widening circles.
a man walks clockwise in a large circle.
the person is swimming with his arms
a man stands for few seconds and picks up his arms and shakes them
a person walks slow a few steps forward.
a sitting person leans forward with their arms in their lap.
a person is standing still then steps back
a person is slightly jumping while alternating right and left jabs.
he is standing still but suddenly move left a little.
both arms are curled up towards the shoulders and back down.
a person hops on their right foot.
a person jumps twice very high in the air.
the person picks up something with its left are and looks to cheers and drinks. then with its right hand picks of something and moves it towards its mouth
a person walks in a complete circle and then sits down.
a man jogs without moving his position.
a person hops on right foot, then left foot, then right foot, then left foot, and then puts both feet on ground.
the person is walking forward.
a person is nudged forward one step to standstill.
a person steps to a stool, turns counterclockwise and sits down, putting feet on rung, then puts hands in lap.
a man raises up his hands ,moves them left to right trying to find something and then lowers them down.
person walks forwards and uses their left arm as support
the person is walking in a curve to the right and then back around to the left in a curve.
person walks in a curve from right to left bending at the hip to look down every couple steps
a person takes a large step diagonally forward, to the right.
a person bends over slightly and picks something up on their right side, and puts it down on their left side
the person is jogging forward.
this person steps back then quickly jumps forward while throwing and then steps back.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides quickly takes one step backwards and to his left.
the person tries to sneak while walking slowly
a person jumps forward turns around and jumps in the other direction.
a person drops down to their hands and knees and proceeds to crawl forward.
the person was pushed from the front.
a person quickly walks forward
a person lowers their hands, makes a traveling sign, raises their hands to their mouth, and lean to their right side.
a person makes pantomime hand gestures above his head with both hands.
a person reaches with their right arm to the right and then turns their upper body to the left.
a man takes 5 steps in a forward direction
a person stands with their legs wide and squats down and up bending only their right knee
a person stands up, walks forward diagonally, then turns and walks back in the opposite direction.
the person bent over and pick something up.
walking around holding his head because of a headache.
a person runs to their right, then left, then right again, and finally walk back to their starting position.
a person who is punching in a very over extended manner
a person walks forward and to the left.
a person raised the left hand and pull it down
a figure moves in a circle counterclockwise.
a person leans forward; facing the ground, and flaps their arms like a bird, then stands erect and back pedals.
a person walks in a counterclockwise motion wafting his left arm.
a person holds something in both hands, and winds up before throwing it very hard with their left hand.
this person walks slowly forward, stops and grabs his right knee.
the person is idling back-and-forth.
a person moves to the right and stretches their arms by rotating their trunk.
a man runs to the left then runs to the right then back to the middle.
a person dancing like michael jackson.
person runs forward, pauses, then continues running.
a person touches his head with his left hand
a person looks down and checks their watch for time.
a person appears to be ding jump rope until they fail
a person looks at his right hand.
begins to walk forward, trips, and then regains balance.
a person claps their hands with their left foot placed forward, then turns slightly to the right. the person then claps their hands twice, then twirls them while reaching the right arm upwards, and extending the left arm forwards.
a person is raising their right foot in all directions as if trying to balance.
a person crosses their arms.
a person picks up a heavy object with both hands and places it on their left side behind them.
a left-handed batter bunts a baseball.
a person has both hands together and throws them into the air.
a person walks and turns around right.
a person rubs their head with both hands.
a person walks forward with wide steps right, left, right, left,  right left, then right with the left foot  and left with the right
a person is accepting praise.
a person is walking with a purse on their left arm.
someone does a timeout gesture with their hands, and then rotates their hands in a circular motion.
a person walks forward, kicking his leg first to the right then to the left.
a person walking and changing their path to the right
a person jumps forward then hops upon multiple obstacles.
a man steps forward then uses left hand to move an object and then steps back again.
a man stretches both of his arms out in front of me and squats multiple times.
the person is balancing on his right foot.
a man standing still straight up then throwing an object with the left arm towards the ground.
the person is waving with their left hand .
the right foot moves slightly more right, causing the arms to jerk a little. then, the right foot moves a little and turns the whole body a quarter way counterclockwise before stopping and adjusting the left foot as well. the body then is in a stance as if they are looking at something nearby on their left. following, the whole body turns towards the right and holds its hands together.
the person is walking in a counter counterclockwise circle.
person takes slow steps forward slightly diagonally to their left
standing, turns blue leg inward, raises red arm to appear to hit, uses both red and blue arms and hands to appear to catches
he does a figure then stops
person catwalks forward on extending runway and then turns around.
a person lying on the floor gets on their knees, then gets up.
the person is dancing the waltz.
a man walks forward with his right hand on the railing.
a man walks from right to left with his hands loosely at his side.
a man walks with a swagger to his right.
a man places his left arm across the right side of his chest and pulls it towards him with his right arm.
a person while standing takes and step sideways.
a person touches head with right hand.
a figure sprints, pauses momentarily placing both hands on knees, then continues sprinting
a person grabbed the hands and made some jesture
a person walks in a circular counterclockwise direction one time before returning back to his/her original position.
a man walks foward ,makes a u turn on his left side and goes back.
person walking in an s shape
the man dances the cha cha.
the man wrings his hands and twists his ankles.
a person jogs on the spot.
a person steps forward and picks something up with his right hand, before stepping back and holding his arms out to his sides.
a person spins to their right, appears to look around, walks quickly up a hill, then turns back around to their left.
man standing, raising and lowering both hands rapidly like bouncing to balls at the same time.
a person rotaes both arms in a circle, lifts left leg and twists the foot, then right leg and twist thier foot. the person then squats, stands back up and extends both arms out.
a person raises his left hand to his head and pats.
a figure nearly falls then gets up, reeling, drunken seeming as though they're being hit by things
a person walks straight forward.
a person walks up, picks something up, places it down, and walks back.
someone walks in a quarter arch to the left.
arms flap up and down, then the body knees down with both hands on the ground.
a person is blocking something with their right arm.
the person is focusing the subject in his camera.
runs at a bend going right to left and increasing the speed along the way.
a person recovering from a push to their right
someone with difficulty falls and kneels
a person lightly runs forward for two steps, swings their leg as if kicking something, then returns to rest while swaying their arms.
a person bent forward slightly at the waist walks in a diagonal line to the right, taking rather large steps.
the person is jumping in a circle while turning their body.
the person is walking over the clean floor.
a person is bent over forward and moves their body right to left like a snake several times.
a person gets on all fours and crawls around.
a person does trunk twists stretches and then does some other stretches
a person bends over and moves their head, then stands up and moves their hands in a clawing before returning to their bent stance.
a person starts jogging slightly forwards creating a loop and stopping.
a man takes a few steps forward, taking a big forward step with his left leg on the third step.
this person waves his hands and arms left to right then to the center.
someone is staggering forward in a drunken manner
a person lifts up their hands to their face, looks to their left, then puts their hands down.
moving hands near face.
a person runs forward for about 5 steps
person opens drawer, picks something up, and puts it back in
a person walks in a slow clockwise circle while slowly swinging their arms.
a person crouches slightly with outstretched arms in the form of wings
a person jogs straight forward.
a man walks forward before stumbling backwards and the continues walking forward.
a person lifts their right arm and pushes their hand away from their face.
the person spins while practicing a ballet routine
the person who’s acting out a magic trick.
a person walks then turns ankle when they try to turn so the person tries to stretch left ankle but eventually stumbles.
a man walks forward towards you, swaying his hands back and forth
a person bends down on the ground, then starts to crawl.
person bent over to the front.
a man walks cautiously forward, opens something, and then walks to the right.
a person walks slowly forward from one side to the other.
someone jumps twice and looks down at the ground
a man puts his right hand in front of his chest.
the person takes a long leap forward
a person ties their shoe.
a person jogging forward whith their arms swinging
a person moving things around
a person paces right to left and raises a hand once for a moment before returning the other direction.
the man walks in a zigzag way to the bottom.
a person takes a long single step to the left, maintaining composure.
a person sidesteps left to an armchair, sits for a moment, and then stands and sidesteps back to the right.
person slowly sits on the floor then gets back up
jogging forward in medium pace.
person is sitting in a vehicle and turning the steering wheel
the figure picks something up with their right hand and then picks up something with their left and pours it on top of the object on the right shaking it over the object on the right before the right object is lifted up to the face with the right hand.
a man runs forward and then jumps over something, planting his left arm on it, then turns around and repeats the process.
a person looks to get hung by their hands and then be lifted up.
a person walks forward then turns and walks back
a person walks forward in a half circle, then sits down.
person walks forwards two steps, then turns around and walks back to the starting point
a person throws an object with his left hand, then holds both hands up over his head
a person is playing jumprope.
walking up stairs then down.
a person stomps with their right foot.
person shuffles forward while alternatly extending arms over head, drops arms and shuffle/jogs backwards, and then walks slowly back forwards.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides, brings his hands together, claps them vigorously five times before dropping them back down and resuming his original position.
a person walks forward while dancing.
a man raises his right arm and looks from side to side.
a person jumps on the spot twice.
a man reaches both of his arms up in the air.
a person was practicing karate kicks.
a person describes something large by showing with their arm movements.
a person claps their hands a few times while standing still.
the sim is standing at a crouch, shaking both arms in front of them in a defensive position.
a person stands up from laying, walks in a counterclockwise circle, and lays down again.
a person walks forward in a slightly zig zag and turns back
this person steps to the side right over left then back.
a person stands with their hands together, step foward then reaches down to pick something up.
person lifts left foot a few times and ties something on their left foot
a person kicks in the air, runs forward and then trots backward to their original location.
a person bends down at knees and brings both arms out extended in front of him and returns to standing position.
most human motion involves a combination of two types of motion, translatory motion, also known as linear motion, and rotational motion, also known as angular motion. think of a long jumper sprinting toward the sandy pit. he is exhibiting translatory motion as he runs in a straight line.
the person is acting like a human chicken.
a figure stumbles forward clumsily
a person walks around in a circle.
the man moves his arms as if swimming.
a person lifts their right foot, then places it back down quickly, then lifts their right hand toward their head.
figure with hands clasped in front of them, sweeps their legs to the right and left
person wipes something with left hand.
a man turns around to walk the other direction, walks forwards and then turns around again.
person walks forward, slides to right quickly, and then darts back to the left.
a person walks forward, turns to his left, and then walks in the other direction at half stride.
man slowly moves object from right to left
a man opens a bottle and uses his right hand to drink from it.
a person is looking to his right, looking down and then looking to his left.
a person sitting with right hand moving up.
a person walks to the right hand side, turns, then begins to walk back.
robot started moving backward from center and then moved forward wit stretchy legs and start kicking.
a person claps their hands 5 times in front of their chest then drops arms to their side
the man takes 4 steps forward starting with his left foot.
person climbs onto an object, grabs what would be a light bulb and twists it in using left arm
a person with both arms stretched, bent up at elbow, bring their arms straight up and then back
he pushes recovery then stops
a person does a jumping jack motion
person is walking forwards with their body to the side, and seemingly forcing an item forwards as well. appears to be pushing an object
a person quickly and repeatedly jumps slightly up and down.
person bends down and does a jumping jack
a person raises both arms and leans to the left.
a person acts as if they are playing a violin.
the man is facing forward turns around and with his left hand seems to be holding something, drops it, picks it up, and keeps walking.
a person standing on one leg and trying to balance
someone walking at a diagonal.
a person washes something with their left hand.
a person dodges things thrown at them by blocking with their right hand and then ducking.
the person is clapping.
man walks forward then backwards then stumbles to his left then to his right
a person is walking and then loses their balance. they stumble.
the figure person goes up four steps relaxed, then down 4 steps calmly.
a man staggers forward a few steps with his legs wide apart.
a person jogs downwards towards the left hand side, then turns around and jogs a long clockwise arc to the right and then jogs a counterclockwise arc to the left side.
a person raises both hands to their chest, rotates their torso, squats in this position then lowers their left hand and rotates their torso again. now lowering their hand
the person is walking out a medium speed.
a person walks around the floor then runs forwards.
a man walks to the opposite side of the room.
a person performs a standing back kick.
a person walks in a clockwise oval to their original position and then proceeds to walk in a much smaller clockwise circle
person walks in a 3/4 circle then squats and then lays with the back on the floor.
a person is swinging from side to side while clapping their hands.
a man side steps to the left and then to the right.
a person standing up puts their hands together at clavicle height level, then performs a low velocity kick with their left leg one time.
a person walksclockwose to almost complete a cycle
a person take a big leap forward
a person walks forward, picks up something with their left hand and then puts it down further to the right.
a person quickly walks backwards, then jogs forwards before stopping and walking backwards to their original position.
a half blue & red  body stands in the center as he then runs right,  turns then runs left . he runs right once more & stops bavk where he started in the middle.
a person signals with their hands by moving in a circular motion.
a person takes two steps forward. after a few seconds, he lifts his shoulders twice, then shrugs with both of his arms.
a person looks at the bottom of their left shoe.
the person is stomping in a circle.
a person walks forward slowly making large strides, with both arms outstretched to their sides for balance.
a man slowly walks forward with knees bent and his back curved.
a person puts his hands on his hips and looks around
a person walks to their left.
limping right left animation with a sprint
someone walks from the left side turning to the right
figure appears to be avoiding an object while running
uses right hand and circles it counter counterclockwise.
the person is throwing a baseball.
a person grabbed something and leaned it near to face
a person is taking side steps to the left and then to the right.
a person walks forward while holding onto something with their right hand.
a person puts their arms at a t pose, and then swings arms in toward chest.
a person is working a machine
a person reaches with his left hand to grab something.  he then releases item in front of him.
a person runs forward several steps.
a man raises his left hand, then lowers it back down.
a person moves their left arm up and the right arm toward their chest as a gesture.
a man pushes an object with his right hand and then steps back.
a person picks something up from the floor then puts it on a desk.
he is running down then stopped and moved his right hand
a person jumps up in the air.
a person swings their arms and then jumps up and to the side.
the person is bending in a forward motion, they then move in an s-shaped pattern to arch their back and extend back up to an upleft position.
a person has hands by his hips and walks to the right.
a person seems to have a pain in the groin
a person squatted down walks forward, stands, then walks backward.
a man touches his right hand,
bending back and punching the air.
person is playing catch with someone
the person is holding his left knee up and doing the stretches.
a person who is standing with his arms by his sides raises his left arm and waves five times before returning his arm to his side.
person is running in a circle
the person is lifting weights with his left arm.
a person walking then turns left
person is likely sitting down using a phone.
a person walks forward while touching something with his left hand.
a person is jogging forward in a steady manner.
the person is making a jester with his hands.
a man is walking while holding a handrail
a person is sitting in a chair, wobbles side to side, stands up, and then start walking.
the sim reaches to their left and right, grabbing an object and appearing to clean it.
a person lifts their left forearms slowly two times.
a person moves something in front of them, then bends down and picks up a heavy object, moving it to their right.
a person walks forward turns around and continues to walk backwards, then they squat.
a man picks something up with his right and then starts rubbing it.
a person makes a panting motion with their hands in front of their face, and occasionally scratches their ears.
the person is walking backwards.
robot started walking forward and then quickly turned back and start walking.
hands are placed inside the thigh as the left foot slight moves back and forth, and the arms raise upward.
a person attempts to walk in astraight line but stubles to the left before stumbling back in line.
waving the arms above the head fast then come back down to clap the hands.
the man is jogging on the spot
a person is stood up his legs are still and his arms are moving up and down whilst he turns his body to the right and left
a person lifts something heavy up and places it to the left.
a person walks forward, stepping up with their right leg and down with their left, then turns to their left and walks, then turns to their left and starts stepping up.
the person is standing completely still turning their head
the girl moved her left hand forward to reach out for the paper slowly.
a person walks forward while their right and left hands swing in an alternating motion at their sides, and then turns to the left to walk in a semicircle.
a person makes cat-like scratching motions with their hands.
a man takes three side steps right, then five side steps back left.
a man walks in a semi-circle, in a sassy manner.
the person look forward and then walked to back  slumped over.
person lifts left arm turns counterclockwise then puts left arm above head fully extended and waves
a person is limping with left leg and holding with left arm to left leg while limping in a counter counterclockwise circle.
a person stretches their arms alternatively over their head.
the person is walking forward very fast.
the person is playing a violin with his right hand.
a person plays a guiter, holding the guitar with their left hand and strumming it with their right.
a person raises both arms above their head and begins clapping, then they move their hips back and forth in rhythm with the clapping.
someone uses their right leg to lean to the right side and then goes back to their original position using both feet.
a person lunges toward the right while lifting their left arm up, then repeats the motion.
jumps up in a tight twirl.
a person walks diagonally forward, stops abruptly, grabs his head with his right hand, walks backward briefly, and then turn to the right and walks straight.
a man walks forward and puts his head into his left hand.
person turns left knee to side then punches left hand to his right
a person uses both hands to lift and move an object.
a person turns  and runs to the left then turns and runs to the right then turns and runs back to center.
he puts his hand forward
a person jumps in place three times.
a person kicks with the left foot.
a man starts to walk straight then walks to the right.
a person appears to be playing basketball.
a person slowly moves their right arm near their stomach
a man has his hands together near his head, and he shakes them in front of his face as he turns slightly to his right and left.
a person walks forwards and bows
a person takes a step directly to their right
a man spins in one counter counterclockwise circle with arms extended at shoulder then rverses and does five or more circles with arms still extended
the person stretches from side to side
a person, arms hanging by sides, takes four steps forward and then stops.
the person is leading his hands
man stretching, maybe getting ready for an athletic event.
person holds right arm up with right hand putting something into face area
a person is pushed to the left to standstill.
this person is sitting without movement.
someone starts off doing a walk, and then stops
a man clasps his hands together and then throws an object with his left hand.
a person stands with their arms raised forward and wrists bent
using left hand to stir something
a person with his hands on his hips does two brief squats
a figure lifts a drink shaker and shakes it up then pours
a person grabbing the left side of their head or talking to someone on their phone
person rotates hand in air lots of times then brings hand to left hip
a man steps forward, lifts his arms then bends and stretches them.
a man sits down on the ground then lays most of the way down on the ground uses both hands to push off the ground and stand back up.
a person slowly walks forward in a larger stance.
a person is standing, raises their left arm to look at their watch, then lowers arm  back to their side.
a man is standing slightly squatted with both hands resting on each thigh and then suddenly brings both arms up into a standing t position.
a person walks in a curved movement to the right
a person dances around in a little jig
a person looks at the ground and steps forward, moves arms in a counter counterclockwise circle, looks down and centers himself, jumps twice and moves arms in counterclockwise circles twice, then turns to the left and stretches arms above head.
a man is standing on the ground ,lifting his left arm up and then down.
someone bounces a ball-like object with their left hand.
a man takes a wide step to his right.
a person takes a step backwards.
a figure holds its bent arms out and moves from side to side from the waist up, then claws at the air moving from side to side.
the man is slowly walking on the treadmill.
a person looks right and left with binoculars.
a person runs forward with their arms swinging side to side in front of their body.
moving and create a cricle on the floor.
a person has his arms extended, brings them down and jogs on the spot before standing still
a person is stood up on the ground and rotating his hips back and forth  whilst his arms are still
the person walked around inside of one oa barstool.
a person walks forward and turns around to jump.
a person is washing their hands.
a man rubs his hands together.
a figure performs one jumping jack, hopping out to spread legs with arms sweeping out and up over head, then hopping back to starting position with arms relaxed by side.
a person is running on the spot, then turns left and jabs with both arms, then turns right and continues running on the spot.
a person lowers their right arm and then raises back up the same as the left.
a person starts walking around slowly and then gets scared so moves backward.
the person is doing a military crawl across the floor
a person stading with right hand raised over head bent at the elbow, then extending both ars out to the side
a person side steps to the left and then side steps to the right.
someone runs across the floor then turns around and runs back the other way.
a person standing still gets pushed forward.
the left leg move forward and stops on the ground next to the right leg.
a handstand and uses his right elbow to touch his left knee, left elbow to touch the right knee, then puts arm straight out in front of him and does a squat.
a person performs a standing jump and stumbles back before gaining his balance.
a person streches their arms to the right then left.
a person makes a circular motion with their left hand.
a person kneels down on both knees.
a person is streching by leaning to their right side
the person is playing the violin with his right hand.
the person starts scratching their left leg and then take steps back
a man jumps fwd then steps foward and to the right then left right and left again and snaps his left arm out
a person slowly lowers his arm and waves his hand slightly right and left before lowering it down to his side.
a person gets into a fighting stance.
a person pointing at something with his right hand.
punching arms while standing still.
a person slowly walked forward in right direction while balancing
this person reaches with his left hand.
the person looks around while slightly slouched over
a man rubs his stomach and his head simultaneously.
a person steps forward and shakes both hands together in a begging manner, and then steps back. the person steps forward again and shakes both hands in a begging manner but more aggressively.
a person strikes something with with his right hand while repeatedly striking  something with his left hand
a person walks forward while making a dribbling motion with their left arm.
someone moving something from left to right
simple stand and clapples the hands.
a person pushes with his right leg and foot first in the floor and then pushes with his left leg and foot.
a person balances on his right foot, then switches to its left foot, then switches back to its right foot.
a man shifts an object in his right hand.
a figure kneels and performs the gesture of tying a shoe
a person stand impatiently, placing their weight on their right foot, then on their left as they look at their right wrist.
standing still then moving to the side.
a person does a lunge on their left leg, their right leg is very stiff and their right foot is flipping about.
a person walks diagonally, takes a bow and then puts his head to his hand as if looking at something.
arms outstretched, a person moves hands toward their armpits; walks in a circle keeping knees apart and then repeats the arm motion.
a man walks and steps onto an elevated area before walking off of it.
a man stands and makes one step foward using his right foot and then stops with both feet.
a person gets startled and falls to the ground, rolling over so that they can crawl
person takes a big step then turns to the left and moves left hand up and down then clasps both hands
a person kicks something with his left leg, then his right leg, then stands.
the man is showering his left arm
a person strides forward for a few steps, then slows and stops.
the person is touching his left arm with his right hand.
a man is bent on the ground appears to be tying his shoe then stands up and brings his left hand to his face.
person bends down lifting something with their hands and moving the object to the left before bringing their arms back in front of them.
a person both his hands raised moving sideways and bends forward and touches his feet.
a person appears to be modeling something and starts the process by throwing their hands down twice as if shaking off water.
taking a long circle walk and lifting up a leg
a person walks forward.
a man walks forward swing his arms slightly.
a figure moves arms both from the center to the outwards and back to the center four strokes.
a person is standing, then quickly take a step forward and to the right, while making a small kicking motion with their left leg.
a person stands and moves their arms in a circular motion in front of their body, the arms then bend up towards the head before repeating the first motion again.
a man reaches to his right three times, grabbing objects and bringing them to his left side.
a person walks in a wide clockwise circle.
man man jumps up throws a ball high, then throws another lowe.
person walking in circles while talking on the phone holding it in the right hand
a person backs up and sits in a chair with their arms at their sides and then gets up from the chair
a person stands as if putting hands on handlebars.
the person is walking forward.
a person punches their right arm up while tilted to the left, with their left foot crossed in front of their right.
a person gets down and crawls on all fours.
a person slowly walked forward and returned back
a person sits down and then put their head in their hands.
the person was walking towards the right.
a person slowly walked forward and made a circle
he casually walked up then turned around.
a person holding right hand to the ear and then looking down to the hand.
the person is throwing hard.
a person walks forward very slowly
a person walks forward and picks up something with their outstretched left hand, then walks back, turns around, then walks forward again toward the pick up location.
a person balances on their right foot while bending and kicking their left leg, stabalizing themself with their left arm.
a person moves his left arm straight up and then to the left while standing still.
a person gently steps back, sits down on an object, and then stands back up.
a standing person makes occasional meaningless gestures with their hands.
a person standing leaning forward.
the person paced back and forth.
a person sneaking through a hallway.
moving arms up and down.
a person walks along a fixed line using his arms for balance.
a person pouring something down and putting the object back
a person squats down
the person is taking a photograph of some thing.
the person raises both of their hands and walks, teetering, over a tight rope.
a man walks backwards for a few steps.
a person holds something heavy above their head and then brings it down in front of them.
a person slowly jumped forward
a person walks forward lightly swaying and then stops.
the sim extends arms out ward, then taking a sit in a cress-cross fashion before standing up again.
the person was acting out the nursery rhyme i’m a little teapot.
someone jumping sideways to the right then to the left
a person walks forward, taking a step over something.
a person is walking up the stairs whilst holding the railing with their left hand
a person grabs something from above and then below and then is arranging something in front of his chest.
sit on bottom, get up normally, walk in a nearly whole circle starting right and circling back to the starting point
a person is holding a jump rope, swings rope around three times, jumping each time, and then stops before continuing to use jump rope.
the person walks forward with their legs apart then turns around
a man leans his upper body only forward at a 90 degree angle with both arms behind him to balance himself as if he is about to fall over.
a person warms up chest by moving arms inwards and outwards.
someone seems to be looking for a balance not to fall
a person runs in place to warm up for an activity.
a person wipes off a counter before returning to a neutral pose.
the persons high hands are dropped down, he claps once and then proceeds by walking up to get seated
person makes alternating left & right hand circles then dribbles a ball.
a person kicks out with one leg, before moving back to a resting position.
the sim appears to throw an object.
a person swings his right arm low, then steps forward, turns away, and holds his arms out wide to either side.
a person stands and holds something down with right hand while swinging left hand in a spanking motion.
a person pitches a ball.
this person moves as if stepping on a ladder and reaches with his left arm.
a person walks up a slope.
robot is moving his both hands in upward direction.
a person rotates their head, then rotates the arms from the shoulders right, left, then right, and then rotates the arms from the elbows in each direction.
on hands and knees crawling to the left side then the right side.
a figure walks forward tentatively, occasionally dragging its feet
a person raises both hands out to the sides above their head until both hands touch and then back down as if doing a jumping jack.
a person is pushed and then stands still.
a person doing a casual walk
the ballet dancer practices their routine
person is hopping back and forth
a man mimics a throwing motion with his left hand.
a person walks in place while swinging their arms, then jogs in place
a person stands and stretches their left arm above and over their head to the right, their right arm spasms at the same time.
a person walks in a curve to the left.
the man is making gestures
a person walks forward in a diagonal pattern.
a person who is  walking backwards
a person slowly walks forward and then turns around.
a person bends over at their waist and raises their left arm up and down in a half circle.
someone holds with their gift hands a railing to be able to walk
a man raises his left  hand and moves it  up and down like trying to paint.
a person lifts up his left foot.
a person performs three jumping jacks.
a man swings an object to the left with both of his hands.
a person stands up from a sit down position, then sits back down.
a person does cartwheels and backflips.
a person lowers their arms, and then moves them back up to shoulder height.
a person walks steadily straight ahead.
a person doing a forward kick with each leg.
person reaches arms out to the side then most circular motions forward
person is walking straight ahead
a person walks forward then turns to  the left
a man raised his hands like grabbing a ball.
a person rotate their body to the left then kick to the left and rotate to the right and kick to the right.
he waves both of his hands
a man waves with his left hand, takes two steps backwards, takes two steps forward, and waves again with his left hand.
a person walks while turning left.
a person walks forward and stops.
a person abruptly staggers backwards.
a person dances, or jumping jacks mixed.
a person who is  kneeling down
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle dragging his left foot.
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides takes one big step up, reaches over with his right hand, picks something up, transfers it to his left hand, holds it up, then brings it back to his right hand.
a man walks forward before turning around and walking back.
a person is walking with their arms and feet wide apart.
a person with their arms bent kicks to side with their right foot.
a person is trying to open up a jar
person lifts something and moves it to their left side.
a person dribbles a basketball then shoots it.
the person is careful while walking around the obstacles
person is lifting his left knee.
a person is standing still with their arms resting at their waist.
a person appears to be trying to keep their balance.
stick figure walks forward walks forward then steps to the side then steps backwards then to the side again
a person moves from standing with arms outstretched to side and legs shoulder length apart, puts hands on hips and returns to original position.
the person is double pouring and mixing some thing.
a man takes several steps forward, jumps over an imaginary obstacle, lands on both feet, takes several more steps forward, turns around 180 degrees, takes several steps forward and jumps over same obstacle and returns to start.
person is performing a dance
a person standing still, does nothing.
the man is doing jump handsup
a figure carefully tip toes across a path
moving backwards slowly once.
this person stumbles forward a short distance.
a person grabs their head as if they are hurt.
a person jumps multiple times.
a person is waving his arms around and is jumping.
walked straight to end then turned right and waked to end
a person sidesteps around the room, then runs forward
a person walks quickly in a diagonal direction for 8 steps and then turns to walk in the direction they came from.
someone is pushed backwards, but manages to regain his balance.
a man energetically walks backwards in a clockwise circle, then turns sharply, and continues backpedalling.
a person starts walking forward, and follows an clockwise path for a quarter turn.
a person steps back then starts jogging forward then turns around and jogs
person from a standing position runs forward very quickly
the person is walking turning left.
the person is putting his hand to his mouth.
a person sidesteps to the left three times, sidesteps to the right 4 times, and then sidesteps to the left once.
a person dances in a simple waltz box pattern.
the man is walking in a zig zag pattern back and forth across the area.
a person is sitting down with both arms extended, lowers his right arm, then brings it back up
the person appears to be participating in shot put. the person places the shot above their shoulder, back up, then rush forward building momentum then throw the shot as they advance.
the person is walking around the bend to the right.
a person walking really slow forward.
the person jumps on foot.
a person walks forwards, wobbling, as is trying to balance on a beam
a man raises a bar over his head two times.
a person draws a cross in the air.
a person jumps forward carefully.
a person sits with their legs crossed and then stands up.
a figure seems to be slowly, jauntily clapping
the left arm dips down along the side and back up, then body walks forward.
a person stands up from the ground, walks backwards, squats down, walks forward while squatting, and then stands up.
walking forward in a straight line.
a person is crawling and then stands up.
a person climbs a step while walking.
doing jumping jacks in place.
a person runs to a specific point, looks down, the person turns while looking around, then walks back the way they ran from, then squats down to looks at something.
a man stretching his left arm.
a person walks forward with their left hand on a handrail.
person is ducking and putting their hands on their head like they're avoiding something dangerous
the left leg kicks out across the body.
the man is walking forward swinging his arms.
a man takes a few steps forward, turns counterclockwise, then walks back, rotating his hips when he returns to starting position.
a person raised the left hand and lean it near to face
a person lifts a box from the right side and puts it on the left side
a oerson does a series of dance twirls with arms outstreeched moving to the right.
a person is stretching their arms.
a person faslty moving in left and right direction
someone claps and cups their hands to their mouth to cheer.
the person is putting his golf ball.
the person paces to his left, then to his right, and finally to his left again.
the person through something up with both hands.
a person walks in one and one half clockwise circles.
a man outstretches both arms, brings them toward his torso and slouches over.  he then stands straight up and tilts his upper body to the left.
person uses their left arm to wave
a person has his arms spread out, walks forward, and rubs something with his left hand.
the person is in the shower using his left arm.
the person is jumping up and down.
a human moves backwards and forwards at an angle only using is right leg to move forward
a person is sitting with their feet on the floor, the rotate to the right before standing up, as they stand up the take a couple steps backwards, then proceed to go forward before bending over.
a person is throwing something with their left arm.
the person walked forward and then turned around and sat down.
a person staggers one step forward.
the man is lifting both arms
a person walks at a slow stooped pace holding a cane with left hand.
a person walks forward, steps onto and over something, then continues walking forward.
a man walks forward and then turns around and walks back.
the man stretches his arms then jumps several small hops backwards.
a person is squatting and starts to move their arms up and down, alternating between right and left
the person is striking a tennis ball unenthusiastically
person jogs on the spot
bends down from the waist to the left.
a person stands with arms stretched at shoulder height, lowers them, then uses the left hand to continually touch something in front of the body.
a person stands and looks over their left shoulder behind them.
raising arms towards the face
a person walking side to side.
the man walks forward slowly
a person walks forward slowly.
imitates a person in cold weather. brings hands to face as if blowing warmth then rubbing hands together rapidly.
person is doing an excercise with hands forward.
a person touches things in front of them with their left arm.
the figure takes a step back with the hind leg and places one fist in the other fist while swinging both fists to the left of their body. the figure draws back the left arm and flins it forward as if to throw something.
the person quickly extends one hand at a time, usually alternating between right and left.
crawling forward on his knees
a figure poses with his arms and sways his hips motioning downward then up in a dance performance.
a person walks forward slowly and then stops and bends over to pick up something with their left arm and hand.
a person walks forward, spins around and walks back.
the man does walking run
a person walks straight with elegance.
a person paces forwards and backwards, turning around so they are always walking forward.
person is bent over wiping a table
a man strums an instrument with his left hand.
a person steps forward and leans over; they grab a cup with their right hand and empty it before putting it down and stepping back to their original position.
the person i was moving something to the left and putting it on the shelf.
person puts right leg outwards and doing a slight squat whilst putting right hand on hip
this person is standing still then with arms extended out make a circular motion.
a person walk forward, picks something up, then walks back while tossing it up.
a person saunters forward slowly.
a person starts walking straight ahead
a person puts their left arm out infront of them and pushes. both arms are then held in a boxing pose, with fingers exposed.
person kicks right legs back and forth
a person picks up a shot put, spins, and throws it.
a person walks slowly forward holding handrail with left hand.
raising hands towards the air.
a person walks forward, then holds their left arm in pain.
a person carefully walks forward, bracing themselves on something with their right hand.
he does double pour and mixing
figure turns hands then moves arms upwards.
the person is walking creepily.
a person bends at their knees turns to their right to pick something up, turn to their left, and place the object down.
a person is standing in stance while shifting their right hand.
a person walks to the left, and then to the right, and then comes to a standstill where he started.
a person is walks forward and while doing karate chops then walks backward doing karate chops.
the person put his arms straight out to the side them hold them forward and put them in front of him.
a person is crouched and raising their arms
a person lifts their arms up to their head level twice.
the person is walking with a limp.
a man runs straight foward with his right hand positioned at mid level.
a person walks in a counter counterclockwise half circle.
a persons walking slowly in a circle.
someone walk up to pick something up off the floor
figure appears to be standing still
a person goes from arms out in t-pose, to down at their side.
the person is running in place.
moving hands side to side.
the left arm scrubbing in big circles on the stomach, up to the right arm, and then right arm to the left arm.
person goes from standing to kneeling
a person putting on a cup cover on a drink
a person lying flat on his stomach pushes himself up with his arms into a squat and finally into an athletic stance.
walking forward and kicking foot.
a person walks carefully forward over a wide beam.
person throws a punch with left arm.
resting his hands on his hips, a person sways back and forth.
a person is sitting and stands up.
a man swings an object towards the left.
a person walks forwards, lifts a light object and walk back.
someone is walking and then turning to their left
a person is rotating their neck.
a person walks in a counterclockwise circle while keeping their body facing forward.
a person does head, shoulders, knees, and toes.
a person walks backwards carefully.
a person walks forward and stands still.
a person stepped forward and start to scratch something with left hand
a man walks forward to his right, turns around and jogs a few steps, turns around and jogs back, then returns to his starting point
a boxer lumbers up ready for a fight with a series of faux jabs.
a person puts hands on hips and then walks forward and does a full circular motion on the spot.
the man spins his wrists around in a stretching fashion.  while doing these he is also moving the respective ankle in a circular motion.
a person starts in a spot, walks clockwise in a slight oval, then stops in the original spot.
a figure walks quickly in an irregular pattern , arms slightly swaying at their sides.
a person steps forward hard and at an angle and quickly shift his weight and changes direction breaking into a sprint
a person leans over slightly, right arm at their side, scratching something with their left hand.
a person balances themselves steadily walking over a rope bridge.
moving hands from side to side.
doing a split once.
a person lowers their arms, then uses their left hand to push an object to the side.
the person is walking towards the right.
a person starts walking forward then turns right and walks back.
a person fiddles a violin with their left hand.
a person steps forward then starts drinking from a glass, tilting his head back in the process.
a person walks forward, stops, turns directly to their right, then walks forward again.
a person stands still with their arms wide open
the person is marching in place.
a figure walks in a zig zag pattern
a person does jumping jacks on the spot.
a person stands still and waves back and forth with their left hand.
a person waves his hand enthusiastically
spinning hands in a circle while bending down.
a person lean down and crawl to his right
he does boxing then stops
a person seeming to be walking over a substance back and forth slowly.
a person gets down and starts crawling back and forth before standing back up
person makes incomplete pass sign
a persons with arms raised to the side then makes vertical circles in front of them
a person swings a bat to their left twice.
a person walks forward but slowly curves towards the right as they are walking and then stops.
a person is performing a martial arts routine that includes punches and moving around in various directions.
a person moves from standing to sitting cross-legged by bending at the waist and using their hands to lower themselves; then, they standup again in the reverse manner and touch their wrist.
a person steps towards the left while moving forward.
the person is walking back-and-forth in a zigzag.
a person walks forward, and appears to stumble catching themselves with their right foot.
a person crosses their arms in front of themselves
person takes a left handed golf swing
a person is walking forward and back.
a man runs forwards diagonally and then pivots ninety degrees and runs
figure quickly side steps to the left, slowly side steps to the right
a man standing and rubbing his hands together repeatedly.
a person walking forward in a curved line.
a person swats at something with their left hand.
a person does a jump and taps his heels.
a person is walking in a straight line.
person having hard time walking straight line
a person picks something up with their left hand, walks to the right, and then drys something off.
a person is performing lunges
a person walks backwards
the person running fast on the floor.
the person was pushed hard from the right.
a person punches to the left then straight ahead and then to the left again.
a person strolls forward towards the left
a person who is standing with his hands by his sides takes two steps forward, does a 180 degree turn and takes two steps back to where he started.
a standing figure raises both hands, palms outward, in front of his shoulders, then puts is right foot forward and extends his left arm outward as if pushing, then puts is left foot forward repeats the motion with his left  hand forward toward his right, and resumes his original position.
a person takes an object and throws it over his head with his left hand
a person picks something up and moves it from their right to their left.
the person is doing ballet poses.
a person walking forward a few steps then stopping.
a person reaches out and slides their hand across something.
a person have right arm hung up then switch to a cutting motion
taking two steps forward before making a left hand turn.
a  person doing a limping walk, taking proper step with the left foot and limping with the right
someone is walking over and pacing back and forth.
a man drops his hands from shoulder height and then rolls his neck
a figure does slow jumping jacks
the person is walking in a straight line.
a person raises their left arm out straight.
a man walks forwards while turning slightly to the right.
the person is walking forward with crazy legs.
a person picks something up with each hand and then stacks the item from their right hand on top of the item their left hand.
a person moves both hands.
a man walks clockwise in a circle repeatedly.
moves hand up and lets it stay up
person standing straight up and feet are shoulder width apart. reachs arm (left) up to shoulder height, straight out hold there for a second and drops back at side
the person is moving arm around.
a person gets pushed to the right
a man is playing tennis.
a person stands up from sitting on the ground, then runs to the right and jumps, then runs to the left and jumps.
a person slowly takes five steps forward.
dancing to a russian like dance?
a person slowly walked forward and returned
the man lowers his outreached hands to his knees as he squats down.
person looks to be holding a dumbbell and waving it around robotically
a person appears to be engaged in a conversation.
a person is winding arms forward and backwards.
a person walks forward to a cooler then pulls out a beer
a person moves his hands into a boxing position.
the person is walking up the stairs.
the sim is jogging in place.
person is doing right arm circles fast
a person scratches their head with their left hand while slightly swaying their body.
the person walks forward while kicking their legs back.
he kneels, moving his right foot back first then has left; not using his hands to help himself, he stands up
someone is walking with both of their hands swinging by their side.
a man is flapping his arms like wings.
an individual wobbly walks down a slope one foot straight in front of the other.
a man slowly turns around in the counterclockwise direction, then walks forwards and stands still
a person takes a few small steps back, steps forward, sits down on the ground, and then gets back up.
a man walks forwards slowly for a few steps, allowing his arms to dangle loosely by his side, then stops.
both hands and feet jump out towards the side and back down a few times.
the person uses both hands to throw something to the left while facing that way. then they lean back slightly with their hands together and step slightly forward
a person boxes upward with the left hand.
a person walks around in an "s" shape.
a person leaps forward then stands straight
person claps hands together before bending forwards, reaching out with his left hand and making several twisting motions with his hand, as if opening a doorknob.
a person has their left hand up to their face, and moves their body around a bit.
a person quickly side steps to his left.
person is slow walking.
the person sits down while talking on the phone
a person standing in the same spot while rocking sideways.
a figure walks counter counterclockwise.
person is walking on uneven terrain.
a person side steps once to the left.
the person is jumping straight up.
a person stretches their left shoulder , bringing it back , rotating it and then switches to their right shoulder , bringing it back twice , rotating it twice . they then move to warming up or stretching out their elbow joint by bringing their hand to their shoulder and then extend it fully and turn their inner arm outwards .
person is walking in a circle
the man is doing push ups
a person takes wide steps as if walking around something.
a person claps his hands
both hands meet in the center of the body and starts clapping.
a person is moving around erratically.
a person picks something up with their left hand, raises and shakes it. then moves it nearer to the ground and back to waist height again
a person stomps with their left foot.
slowly moves left hand from right side of body to left
a person claps, stops briefly, and then continues to clap
a person locks their hands, stretches up to their right, then up to their left, before bringing their arms back down to their sides.
a person stands focusing on something in front of them, then strikes out with their left hand twice.
a person is washing windows
a person who is standing is getting pushed by something and moving abruptly.
a person sits down then stands back up.
a person walks around frantically with their arms out in front of them.
a man walks forward with his arms swinging gently at his side.
a person puts both hands to his face.
a person moves heavy objects from one place to another.
a man lowers his raised arms and then picks something up.
a person turns to their right and starts pacing back and forth a couple times.
a man squats and raises his both arms wide apart,lowers the right one down followed by the left one and then repeats.
a person slowly walks without moving forward.
a person steps into a puddle or container of sorts, dips their feet in, and then raises their needs to start rubbing on it
the person is doing a hip rotation.
the figure jogs in place slowly before pausing and jogging in place quickly before squatting down and doing a walking squat.
a standing person bends at the knees and takes a seat.
start in laying position, then get up.
a person steps forward rather fastly
a person steps forward to picks up and place an item.
a man has his arms outstretched, rotates both hands at the wrist, then lowers his arms and twists his upper torso to his left.
a man steps forward briskly for several steps.
a person walking up to looking over the edge then step back
the person is walking around.
standing on their left foot, a person flexes their knee forward and back and side to side, toward the left first and then the right.
a person stepping to the left side as if had been pushed.
a person alternates between bringing up their right and left knees up to their chest and then finishes with a single squat.
a person makes several large circles with both arms and then does one reverse circle.
a person holds something and sweeps the floor with it.
a person steps backwards and sits down, then stands back up.
person is staying on the ground crawling back and forth.
the person is squatting down while raising and then moving their left hand in a circular motion.
a person drops their hands to their side in a somber gesture and walks slowly.
a figure walks to the left in a circle
a person walks backwards a few steps
a person walks forward, then grabs something with left arm, then walks back
a person sneaks away while walking sideways
a person carries something it their hands and then uses their left hand to throw it
a person has both arms elevated and moves their hands back and forth between outstretched and their head, they then lower both arms.
a person taking something from a shelf with their left hand
a person leans forward on their right leg while reaching forward with their left arm, then stands back up.
an individual takes a long slow drink of something.
a character lifts their arms and bends their knees to raise a dumbbell.
a person swings a golf club.
a man sits with his arms stretched outward, he puts his hands in his lap. then raises his arms again.
person looks like he’s putting something on the wall.
a person is washing a window with their right hand.
the person sat down on a chair.
a person starts running with their legs crossing
a person standing in place jumping.
a person walks forward and to the right.
pitcher picking up the ball and preparing to throw it
a person bows with their arms bent beside them.
walking backwards and then stopping.
a man is running in place.
a person stands motionless then slightly twitches the left hand.
walking forward then to the side.
a woman walks moving her hips from right to left while swinging her hair
a person runs forward.
a person balances on one leg and shakes their foot and then swaps.
a person does a long wave
a person waves with their left hand, then makes a similar motion but towards their mouth
a person carries something with both arms.
the person kicks out its blue leg several times.
